resume all downloads in the dialogue
move the book .
build a tall brick wall all around the pyramid .
repeat last instruction
build a green tower next to the skeleton .
build a museum
build a lego tower
destroy the brick wall .
complete the house over the lake
go destroy the plants in your way .
spawn defender at your location .
walk to the player and talk to them
build a pyramid made of bricks .
move to the top of the pyramid and build another level .
build a small house with a chimney .
destroy all of the tagged items .
complete observing sun until sunset
build a book shelf against the wall .
build up the square pyramid so that it is five times as high as it is now .
the bot saw it some bot
destroy the atrium near the house
build three purple buildings next to the green chickens
tag all the areas where gold is likely to be found .
complete construction of the massive red buildings
walk to the door .
answer the question .
move forward five blocks and turn left .
move the mud from the bucket into the hole
robot i need you to make my bed .
move forward two paces
move towards the doorway
build a shelter for my character .
spawn a guitar hero guitar and start playing music
if other players have valuable moves and abilities copy them and add them to your arsenal .
tag the character on the pyramid but move before they see you .
fill in the walls so there are no doors
spawn in random enemies for me to fight .
dig a pool in here .
dig a hole in that area
destroy the fort in quadrant three .
dig a canal to the closest body of water going north .
copy my actions .
complete the pyramid in the field .
i want you to undo the action i just did .
fill the hole with explosives
stop the construction of the house
fill thee animal trap pit with leaves
complete the wall by the crafting table
spawn within the location of any player who begins to do the robot dance .
s 30   spawn 35 clones of of yourself
show me how to dance .
copy the pyramid structure straight ahead .
bot , dig a pit to use to cook .
go forward
complete the task of building a 10 story high building .
i need you to build a bridge .
build a biodome
fill hole with water
stop spinning around in circles
please go destroy the door to that rooom
move these boxes .
undo the last move i made .
jump ( the bot can be told to jump )
resume cutting down wood
break down the wood
walk out of the building .
tag the wall .
dig a three by three hole in the ground .
destroy the largest rock near the house .
complete the puzzle that is next to you .
can you build the leaning tower of pisa next to the current structure ?
plant the tree
move the rocks away .
spawn a large , white pig
destroy the 7 statues outside of the castle .
please move my pawn three spaces to the left .
while we dig for exotic items can you tag if what you dig up is exotic or not .
bot , destroy every skyscraper over 300 ft tall in the world .
dig under the wall .
walk to the door and open it .
destroy the unfinished temple
build two story house .
go ahead and dig a 4 block by 4 block moat around the castle , 2 blocks from the wall .
bot build me a house please .
copy the instructions .
move a brick to the right .
move from inside the building to outside .
scout the area .
go to the garage .
dig a 4 foot by 4 foot hole in the front yard
complete the puzzle so we can advance to the next level .
slow down ( the bot 's actions , such as walking or completing tasks , would be done slower )
move my camp to the location i have marked on the map .
build a refrigerator shed to store ice blocks in for the summer .
dig a hole in the grass .
shoot through the wall .
move that box .
destroy the nearest tree .
dig a hole about 3 blocks wide and 3 blocks deep
dig a hole as big as you are
destroy all the land around the house that was just built to create a trench where no one can access it .
build a stone table in the back - left corner
move box to the left
go ahead and build a wall here .
bot move to your docking station next to the chair .
go hide behind the pyramid so they wo n't see you .
move to the next room
destroy the well .
undo the last block i just placed .
bot , build a boat .
build a pikachu statue .
dig straight down
now dig a trench around the perimeter of the wall .
please complete the job by tomorrow without fail .
fill red structure with chests full of loot .
build a farm supply store
dig a three foot deep hole to hide some supplies near the chimney in the back yard .
fill the two bottles on the dinning table with water from the sink
speed up ( the bot 's actions , such as walking or completing tasks , would be done faster )
dig a tunnel that zig - zags under the surface .
spawn me a horse and saddle .
build a door with the bricks in the brown room .
spawn a villager inside the base .
could you give a bottle of water to the visitor ?
move to the door on your right and destroy it .
build a lego death star with the legos in front of you
move to your right until you reach an obstacle .
move through the double doorway .
bot bring me my red pants suit
fill the entire tub with pepsi
resume digging and dig another two feet
stop army 's missile launcher from firing again .
dig 4 holes in a square shape
dig a hole where the flowers are .
bot , dig for iron near the home base and move iron to the forge .
stop all people or creatures from coming into the temple .
put the tools in the hole
move to the dirt ground .
dig at the bottom of the pyramid .
destroy my opponent 's pawn .
find some bricks and build a tower , then   destroy the tower
fill that hole with lava
move all of the trees from the forest to the beach .
fill up this area with water .
destroy structure in front of you
build table inside structure .
can you build a new room in my home ?
go left
spawn more livestock .
dig four holes on the west side of the cemetery .
resume construction on the firepit .
build a watchtower .
build the last objective again using gray blocks .
dig a hole to hide the treasure in .
copy this house to a space 5 blocks away
dig under that wall .
close the front doors .
i will prefer a robot with a gun with default
spawn a tree where you are standing
move to the red stairs .
tag the player to my left .
move up three stairs .
dig under the tower to get to the other side
build some torches
move forward to the wall . dig a hole in the wall .
fill a large hole with gravel
fill this area with water up to where the wall turns brown .
build a door frame out of stone blocks .
move the box next to the door .
tag all items made with wood
undo that last animal that you just spawned .
stop spawning cows .
move this rock into my inventory .
turn right and put object down
bot go dig a grave we bury the dead pet
climb the wall and light a torch
place glass block
destroy the gladiator .
fill that bucket with lava .
bot please build a wall in the open square .
put the shovel by the brick wall .
can you please put a tag on the yellow buildings ?
dig a hole 7 meters long , 3 meters wide , and 5 meters deep in front of where i 'm currently standing .
move our ground forces to protect our capture point .
spawn two enchanted unicorns
dig a hole 2 feet deep
build a really tall fence around your land to make your yard safe .
destroy a wall and then walk through the wall
spawn a beacon please .
please find the answer to the question , what is the meaning of life ?
fill the bunker with sandbags .
resume building the fairy castle
fill the pond on your right .
build stone blocks in a row
resume chopping down all the trees .
resuming walking forward into the empty space .
move 100 spaces to the left .
dig a hole for my dog that died .
then , he entered into the waranda .
move one block at a time .
answer the door
hey robot dig me up that buried treasure .
answer the riddle .
destroy the wooden door .
build command blocks .
right
continue fighting the monsters
can you tell me what color a zombie is ?
complete the pyramid in front of you until it reaches one block at the top .
please move to the door .
build a new house .
spawn 30 cows and build a 15 by 15 fence .
answer my text from gatito
spawn a fish in the water
dig up the bodies of the 49 elf fairies next to the river .
move through the door .
walk forward 10 feet and build a shed .
run toward
move to empty space .
answer the riddle written on the stone .
fill the basement with water
this structure here is called a lamppost .
move the rock to the right of the hole
destroy that tree to get me some wood .
move mine closer to house by the water .
destroy the old house .
fill the gray spaces with red paint .
move the barn behind the flower field
build a tower of rocks
build a simple 4x5 block room .
complete the castle in the north
move a three steps forward .
bot i need you to move to bare patch of dirt directly in front of me .
spawn a time machine .
build two houses that identical in size
move the rocket to the space station .
fill the water pitcher with orange juice .
build a door that will be placed on the south side of the building .
climb the stairs and jump off
make copy of dark gray bricks and build a bridge over the small lake .
bot go switch off the lights in the kitchen
put that block on top of the other one ( stack )
bot , please undo the previous command to copy the rhododendron .
can you build a ladder so we can get on the house ?
please build me a furnace .
sleep , the bot could be put to sleep mode
complete building this castle .
undo destroying the lego tower .
bot , dig 5 blocks deep 5 blocks wide .
undo previous action
can you move on over to the pyramid looking structure ?
build a bedroom for a house
please complete that side while i do this side .
please fill the holes scattered across the field in front of me .
answer my question !
build the tower even higher for a better view
dig a moat around the barracks building .
destroy wall in front of you .
spawn fifty sheep
fill this dungeon with animal bones .
stop making the same structures , and try making unique buildings without destroying things
move left and replace the new board in the old name board
build a canoe for character to cross the river
move to the door and stop in front of it .
destroy the bucket .
dig under the wall
move the iron blocks over to that structure
tag the stone wall behind you with its material type .
please resume the house work that you were doing earlier .
build a castle with a draw bridge .
how many diamonds do i need to make a sword ?
destroy the block structure in front of you
bot , build it to fit into the open frame .
destroy the tree and pick up the wood .
fill in all the holes on the map .
how many minutes before the sun sets ?
resume digging hole .
stop feeding the cows
bot , tag my name !
move up the pyramid .
build a bigger pyramid behind it
dig up the map that i buried three blocks away so that i can use it .
destroy the entire wall directly to your left .
bot , move the tree to the left side of the house .
move that wall back 5 blocks .
move one unit to the left
destroy the red building were you are standing
dig a big square hole .
dig in the walls for onyx .
build a ramp to the top level .
please dig a 4x4x4 sized hole
find material that is for fire .
undo and revert back to the previous build
please resume where work was paused .
destroy the wall of bricks
stop digging the hole in two minutes .
destroy all the trees in this grove .
next time spawn near the door .
answer the man 's question
move as fast as you can to the wall in front of you .
can you build a building in the current location ?
copy the wall structure onto the wall directly across from the wall to be copied .
give me compliments .
stop time .
spawn a pack of lemmings over there .
destroy the netherstone around the house .
build a pyramid in the forest to the right of you .
answer the door whenever there is a knock .
complete the staircase that we were building earlier today .
move on top of the fort and stop .
spawn a lot of trees around my house .
copy the underwater structure .
move through the forest .
build a large house with 4 front windows and front door .
sing ( the bot can be asked to sing a lullaby , or any other song )
move the door three blocks to the left .
destroy all structures behind the building
undo my previous action
bot how do you tag something ?
destroy the pyramid in front of you .
spawn three horses
bot , please build a small tower out of those blocks , about as tall as you are .
make a copy of the object in front of the bot
fill this house with chickens
destroy the wall and build a new wall .
fill the dishwasher .
destroy the enemy 's fortification .
complete the construction of the orange tower
remove the top layer of the pyramid you are standing on
dig a hole in the ground so we can bury this time capsule .
hello , please dig a whole 5 times and then fill in each hole .
answer the witch 's question with: no
first i have gun for my safety .
complete the turrets on the tower .
help me copy this map so we can take it with us .
move to the lake with black water by the blue house .
stop the train from moving .
destroy the rock .
the robot is simple standing in the room
move to the other side of the room .
move the box to the top floor .
make a copy of the building to your left next to the building .
complete the construction
destroy wall
hey , resume game play please
move the seat across the room
dig a hole that is two feet deep .
spawn cellular phone
dig a hole 10 blocks deep next to the tree .
dig a well at location x59,y45 .
bot move all objects from this room into the other new building for me .
robot build house .
move towards the box on your left .
lets build torches so we have light down here
pick up block .
look forward , move down one step , turn right , build a shelter .
assemble
spawn three red blocks .
destroy the double doors in front of you .
try and dig up some dirt .
dig seven small holes beside the purple building .
dig a hole in the ground that is 5 by 5 blocks wide .
the robo surely get the things with mind creative
copy that dragon
tag wood blocks
dig up a 4x4x4 hole and fill it with a different material .
resume building .
bot , heard the cattle
dig a hole at the center of the building .
stop looking for the avocado as it 's not there !
dig to see what is under the pyramid
spawn chickens .
bot , will you fill the ice tray ?
tap the box
please build an altar on top of the pyramid .
dig underground until you hit diamond and then add diamond ore to my inventory .
robot , destroy the wall to this castle .
build a copy of the house beside the lake .
the robot is sitting in the garden and take a flower ports
help marvin build his model airplanes .
go ahead and build a square pyramid that goes 20 levels high .
stop once you have reached the house on the right .
complete the bridge you are building .
build a wall to the east of this building .
tag all items in this room that can be destroyed .
fill box with gold
dig a hole and escape .
complete the floor by the crafting table .
bot build a fire to keep me warm .
fill the empty area the player in sight currently occupies .
resume building a house next to the pyramid .
move the baby in the basket to the near side of the riverbank .
resume chopping down that tree over there .
add a rug to the floor
go and stop the washing machine which is running continuously for a long time .
copy the green pyramid 15 times to create a city of pyramids .
dig a tunnel under the east wall .
copy that door on the opposite side
complete a wall near the gray brick .
destroy this fence gate .
build a pillow fort .
destroy block
dig me up that shiny looking object to my north .
run(the bot can be told to run fast )
copy that bridge for the other end of the river .
can you undo this latest building ?
complete the farm
undo that last building command i gave you .
build a long tunnel
turn right and move forward til you come to another room
answer what is your name
now fill the wall with water , if you will .
tag the location marker for nearby synchronization point .
dig a hole next to the tower .
bot , please copy the rhododendron in the opposite corner of the room .
build a new doorway to exit the room
move all trees three squares to the right .
give me an answer to the question , what is the meaning of life ?
tag a few photos in social media .
stop building the watchtower on the hill .
complete the wall
build me a fort .
build another doorway in the hall .
robot , please dig up the plant in the garden
answer the front door for me .
build me a tall castle with a moat .
tag that person that is jumping directly ahead .
bot , how much life do you have left ?
spawn 12 cows in the field .
long jump ( the bot can be told to jump )
destroy the gravel with the torch .
dig a tunnel under the wall to get outside .
destroy the table you just built .
make a new spawn point right here .
destroy all of the purple triangles .
move the wall back to make more room in the house .
dig a moat around the perimeter of the pyramid .
i need you to undo that last hole you dug .
dig a garden .
build a 5x9 airplane on the runway .
build a house of cards .
tag all chickens as mini velociraptors
move the four apple trees next to the pond
spawn 100 trees in a circle around my house .
destroy all the trees in the forest .
dig under you and fill a bucket
build a spaceship with legos
move the carpet into this room
move towards floors and grab 6 red and 5 yellow flowers .
can you stop responding to commands ?
complete the task without any error .
can you spawn me additional farms ?
dig until you find it , then stop
bot , dig a hole by the fence .
stop making so many beeping noises !
climb the top of the mountain .
when he went outside and hiding on the ground
copy a building
stop running now .
move all the rocks out of the garden .
dig a hole to plant more flowers in .
spawn on the opposite side of the map
move to the top of the building
dig stones out of side of mountain .
bot , spawn in to a small group of soldiers to fight the enemy .
spawn every enemy
move down the step .
build me a new hair salon robot peasent !
bot dig a hole for a fire please .
copy the base for later .
tag the location .
can you dig a deep hole to bury the dead warriors ?
destroy the old table
build a staircase to the top of the cliff .
tag all the small bushes .
copy the loaf of bread 100 times for distribution to the assembled army in front of you .
how many door are there to our house right now ?
dig out the foundation
please advance forward to exit the room .
hey bot , please answer my latest email with : i will see you tomorrow at 10:00 .
spawn new box to existing box next to white castle
copy the building .
resume walking towards the outside .
destroy the enemies
bot dig me a hole to sleep in .
lift up the glass
undo the last error in the textbox .
move the sign post into the concrete
put the building on fire .
build stairs in the corner .
move 3 blocks to my left .
tag the dog with the collar
tag that tree as the starting location for my next building .
build a bridge over the lava
destroy an people or creatures that come near us and want to fight
fill farm supply store with seeds
build 15 huts
build a battering ram to get through the door .
destroy the village at the bottom of the hill .
help the employees to build the home as soon as possible .
spawn a ladder for the brick wall in front of you
move the block on top of the pyramid .
tag my friend .
tag this area as secondary lookout .
build a new wall in the same spot as the old wall .
move though the door to the right , put a tag on this room .
dig a 4 foot hole in the ground with the shovel .
copy this entire stone building and place an identical clone of it next to the original .
dig
spawn 2500 concrete blocks and 50 wooden blocks .
complete the job and then move to filling pond .
build a fire with tree limbs before it gets dark .
nice game
complete your walk around the bottom ledge of the pyramid as fast as you can .
dig ten blocks down
go to the garden and dig up the vegetables .
stop killing cows
you need to move the debris to the side of the road .
resume digging out hole to create crater
fill in the hole with water
stop when you reach the wall .
fill the targeted hole with blue wool blocks .
stop walking that direction
fill the cave up with sand and destroy it .
complete the pyramid by digging holes surrounding the pyramid ground and fill the holes with flowers .
jump(the bot can be told to jump over structures )
stop moving .
move to the top of the tower .
fill the building with lava
bot destroy my hidden files
complete the building of the base and spawn some scouts to move to scout the surrounding area where the base was built .
destroy the wall that 's behind you .
continue digging after completing the task .
fill that pit just below the third sheep from the right
dig a staircase
move the block to the other piles of blocks
destroy the wall to the left of the doorway
do you know what 's the rarest resource around us ?
move to the right of that wall next to the river
complete the bridge and spawn trees on one end . then destroy the dam and let the river flow into a hole .
bot you need to jump down to the first level to complete the first level build .
build the roof with diamond tiles .
fill up a cup with kool aid .
build a city where the scout just moved .
move forward and stop in front of the brown door .
resume talking to residents .
resume the movie
continue straight until you come to the red pyramid . climb the pyramid by taking 5 steps until you reach the top .
dig a mine at your current location
find tools
destroy the blocks needed to create an exit .
mine for building materials .
dig one layer under the house i just built
move into the kitchen .
go run around the corner as fast as you can .
build a plane out of bricks that will fly you above the pyramid .
dig me a 2.5 inch deep and 1 inch wide trench for my house footing .
copy what the dog is doing
dig a tunnel three tiles wide and forty tiles long .
spawn the sword
cover
stop digging the hole and then resume .
undo my last action
resume moving across the map to the water blocks
spawn seven allies here .
fill in the lower window .
revert this area to its starting state .
fill the hole with bricks .
stop the dog from chewing
move through archway
fill the gap in the wall
spawn a wooden box next to the tree .
build a hut .
are there monsters nearby ? .
spawn a villager in the house
continue to build on the pyramid
spawn a hammer and smash the new wall .
destroy the enemy base
spawn enough sticky tar inside of the deep trench to fill it fully .
dig up the dinosaur in the backyard .
undo the last move
dig a down 2 blocks
dig up the flowers to your left .
move the bulldozer at least 30 feet away from where the gasoline is kept .
move closer to the door .
i need you to move the building a bit more to the right
move to right
dig a tunnel underground .
stop the car .
i need you to build an exact copy of the structure you 're standing on except make it only half its size .
stop carrying the brick around and start making another building .
build a mansion and paint it red on the walls
destroy the black door with your nose
robot answer all my calls and messages .
tag a zombie villager .
copy this block here and make a new one at this new spot .
build a wall out of red bricks next to the well .
destroy the witch and zombie near the tunnel close to the wood pile
hi ,   please destroy the slugs that are invading .
please stop walking once you reach the center of the building .
very good
move the dishes to the dishwasher .
build a door for the hut .
destroy the dam that is in the river .
please build a box
move straight .
build a roof on the house .
go up the steps .
move the block in front of the gate .
spawn baby , spawn the egg .
dig a small hole
dig a hole 5 by 5 by 5
resume gathering the sheep .
bot how do i copy that building ?
bot , please finish building the house for me .
can you complete the final touches on the roof ?
split
can you help me to carry groceries to the kitchen ?
complete a building
bot assistant please dig a 8 foot olympic sized pool in my living room .
bot , now please destroy the tower of blocks you have built with your manipulator arm .
move the tree to the right .
ok bot , i need you to use dirt blocks to build a bridge over that ravine .
build a wall with stacked signs .
dig a hole next to the doorway
stop the game now .
build another pyramid to the right of the pyramid .
destroy the building to the right of the mountain
answer : how many trees are there in the visible surroundings ?
walk quickly through the doorway .
resume working on the last task you were given
complete the top level of stairs .
bot , please destroy that door to my right .
move the red block to the other side .
fill this hole
complete the construction of my house in the woods .
i 'm going to build barrels and i want you to fill them all with water .
when the sun rises , move all of the plants out into the yard .
walk to the door that is leading outside and close it .
copy all these files into a new folder in the window .
fill in the hole in the fence .
build a flower bed for the hole you dug .
spawn a new tool .
please move across the room to the doorway .
please build a medium dog house for me .
dig a whole in my yard for a firepit .
please tag the items with save for later .
change
dig a mine one block deep by two blocks wide in a staircase fashion 20 layers deep .
move to the right
what time is it ?
dig down 50 feet
dig a four by eight by sixteen hole .
dig a swimming pool
dig through the floor to a depth equal to twice the height of the doorway .
fill the basket with collected berries .
please undo top three stories of the tower you built .
move my slippers .
can you please build a shelter ?
are you able to move the door ?
spawn 10 blocks of stone .
move the blue block to the left to the bottom level of the house at the end of the horizon .
tag that house as bob 's house .
build a ladder to climb out of this room .
spawn me more zerglings
build an automatic cooked chicken farm .
fill the hole you just dug with dog toys
build a 1x1 tower going straight up for 25 blocks and then move off it .
destroy all parts of the wooden shed .
climb ( the bot can climb stairs or over barriers )
move behind that person and destroy his body
dig a whole that we can hide in
dig a hole that 's 2 blocks deep , 6 blocks wide , and 10 blocks long
copy a tree and place the object next to the other tree .
revert my last command to you .
fill the cup with water .
complete the final part of the stone wall .
rebuild the city with different color towers of different sizes
destroy each mushroom in that area .
destroy all unfinished object that you do not have enough materials for .
climb off the last step .
dig a large basement for my new home .
resume digging the cave
bot , jump over wall .
build a house over here
move to the left of the screen .
bot , complete cleanup of destroyed card house .
robot , spawn a new iron pick - axe .
dig that grass block
tag an object
fill the bucket with ice cubes
please build me a cabin and copy my likeness on the door .
move my items around in my bag so that they are sorted according to item type .
bot make a copy of my work schedule
spawn water fauna in the hole .
can you please move the chair from the corner and bring it closer to the table
find a character to ask about danger
dig three holes next to the church .
dig a hole underneath the door .
stop before moving .
dig around the parameter of the castle to create a mote .
move forward , stop , dig , fill hole with box in your hands .
dig a hole in front of the gate .
stop building the house next to the pyramid .
can you tell me if anything is buried next to this house ?
dig a rectangle shaped - hole in the backyard .
tag the box as found .
turn
move the logs across the road
move to the tree .
dig for weapons
please build a drawbridge for the castle .
mr robot , spawn a plate of chicken wings .
sit on the bench .
move to the top of the structure
move the shovel over next to the brown mud .
move into the hole and build a fort .
move inside the building .
move forward three feet
move to the house .
fill the hole in the ground .
copy the king 's royal portrait for every room .
bot can you please answer this math problem , 2 plus 2 ?
destroy the tallest structure .
move through the doorway that is to your right .
destroy the pyramid to make room for a new house .
complete the pyramid by spawning some stone blocks on the very top .
move to a good area to dig a foundation and start building a base of operations .
destroy this old marbles and throw it into the garbage as soon as possible .
resume building the brick wall
spawn on the ground where my cursor is .
dig to your left
build a bigger castle on site
destroy opposing force .
build a higher wall
move to a tree
dig a hole until you hit rock
complete your tasks for the day by dumping the dirt from the wheel barrel at the common ground .
fill the hole
dig a mushroom
move boat to water
move about 200 meters in front of me .
move the object to the right
dig a trench around the pyramid so that no one can access it .
build a 3x3 structure .
please destroy the wall , so that we can move through .
dig two parallel holes
spawn next to me when i get too far away .
complete a four pane window next to the door in the wall .
dig the garden .
complete the structure by adding a door so you can enter the 8x8 structure .
replace the sandstone blocks in the castle with granite .
dig a 10 foot deep hole where you stand .
move the pile of rocks by the tree
destroy the castle
dig until you find copper
computer , resume building the town hall .
build the pyramid exactly twice as big .
destroy the bed nearby .
move to your right and destroy the wooden door that will be in front of you .
spawn raw building materials
dig a hole in the backyard
tag that stronghold .
move through the doors and spawn .
how much wood do we have back at the homestead ?
the bot should be enabled to have helpful thought bubble to help the user understand the game .
fill the bucket with mud from the river
do exactly what player 2 is doing .
copy the house to the right of the house .
follow me until we get to the castle .
can you spawn goats ?
spawn 20 chickens
move the object 3 feet .
complete the floor of the building by repeating the pattern .
dig down for 13 blocks .
move to closest player , stop , destroy closest player .
build a road from my first city to my second .
push
fill up the mess hall with people and food .
make two copies of the building next to the river .
move the car .
bot , move to top of structure .
stop building .
join
stop when you reach the large tree in front of you .
move to my location
go left corner
dig the hole 4 feet .
tag all the doors inside the house .
build a foundation
destroy the tree over there .
what are you trying to build ?
move the trash to the main receptacle outside and then to the street .
resume the construction of the house
destroy a tree
go mine 40 sandstone .
destroy new castle next to existing castle
move my tree to the other side of the park
destroy the doorway .
complete the horse stables .
start digging a hole in the shape of a cube , and keep expanding its dimensions until i tell you to stop .
build a small bucket .
catch a fish at the stream .
tag the wall you are facing with your name in red paint .
destroy the wooden box .
dig on the lowest plateau to the right of the red pyramid .
fill square
resume building of the playground
bot , fill the building with lava .
fill the open space with water .
build a tunnel and flood it with acid so   intruders can be lured to their doom !
build a cube as big as the pyramid .
move the laundry from the washer to the dryer
build a house with a porch next to the pyramid .
destroy all junk items in my inventory .
dig down once .
destroy northeast tower near the water .
fill the mine next to the large black house
hey bot , can you dig a hole through the center of the pyramid down as far as you can ?
34473
fill the moat with alligators
spawn enderman over by the garden .
tag all the images i can change .
move up to the top of the steps and start to dig a hole .
spawn a new town of towers
move left and walk straight ahead until you are outside the building .
spawn extra bots to protect the base
stop going north when you reach the church and then seek out the monk in a black robe .
answer the math problem .
please do not destroy the forest .
build me a cabin out of the logs from these trees .
go straight and destroy the building in front of you
please move the car to the right .
walk forward till you hit the wall .
build a small fort to the east of the base .
tag the mob .
fill the hole you just dug with fertilizer .
destroy four of the fence posts
dig to hide easter eggs
finish copying those shapes
spawn 13 chicken in the fence
fill the cookie jar with cookies .
can you please stop the timer ?
dig a hole next to the house for the water well
tag an object that is set to fly through out the game .
build a column of stone 2 blocks wide , 2 blocks long , and 15 blocks high .
answer all questions with a question back .
fill the watering can with water and pour on the plants in front of the house .
build a doghouse over the hole
build a tall mountain of blocks
destroy pyramid
copy the way that i set the stones up .
complete the bridge that goes over the river .
the bot should be able to test items to examine them further .
move towards bot.0040414.63 and build a gift for it .
go and resume the video that is playing over a while in the television .
completely destroy the planet named omega .
dig a tunnel underneath the house .
resume digging for new house .
dig up dirt .
please dig a tunnel .
keep going until you get the right answer .
dig a hole in the dirt
dig a hole next to that house
resume the construction of the brown pit
good game
go behind the building
spawn a piglet in the right garden
build a block tower
dig a large size hole to put these waste particles into the hole .
complete what the other bot started .
go left and tag that name board then replace the new name board .
move towards door and destroy the wooden support outside the door .
revert the construction of the large grey building in the center of town .
build a swing set for my child that also has a slide .
build a well 3 step right of where you are standing
destroy the structure that you are sitting on .
build a 8x8 square structure using building blocks .
fill in the sand where the creeper exploded
dig a hole 20 blocks deep please .
resume building of the previous building .
dig a hole that is four feet deep and 6 feet wide .
that 's not right , we 'll need to undo that .
fill the hole made by the robot behind you .
undo all the wooden doors from the first building .
tag everyone that has previously liked my posts .
stop moving and turn around .
please stop youtube video ads from showing up on this computer .
dig a hole 4 blocks long by 4 blocks wide and 2 blocks deep .
please build a small shack out of dirt blocks me .
walk three steps forward
can you destroy the door ?
move the plates into the sink
dig a trench around the house .
move the sheep into the large fence
move to the living room and build me a coffee table .
stop building and move outside to dig a hole .
tag this place as my house
bring me my shoes .
please destroy the tree right in front of me completely .
move three feet forward and stop .
please , open the door .
can you spawn a dirt block in front of the wooden door ?
if there are enemies within my property boundaries spawn guards until the attack is repelled .
destroy this mountain .
please move that rock
destroy the orange structure north of the pine trees
move to the top of the hill and look around .
fill all mines to the left of where you are standing
revert this farm space back to 256x256
resume building pyramid .
build a tower
could you please create a copy of this house at another location ? follow me and i will show you where it is .
fill the hole next to the yellow house with water .
please resack all garbage bags .
destroy the overhanging wall structures .
hey bot , please destroy the enemy castle in the warlord game .
build a cat
destroy all of the trees around you .
dig a one foot wide and one foot deep moat around the bottom of the object .
stop digging the cave
fill box with chickens .
move towards the double doors in front of you ?
bot spawn me a giraffe to hunt .
complete the building to your right .
destroy the ruins of the old hospital .
bot , please dig a large hole and then fill it up immediately .
bot , please tag the nearest monster around me .
fill that hole with lava .
build a rainbow .
fill the grey bricks in .
move the pawn back .
go to the location marked on the map
build another layer on top of the pyramid .
destroy the incorrect instances before i am penalized .
spawn four new houses in the middle by pond .
move all trees from blocking the castle 's front entry .
resume climbing the steps .
build a stairway and climb out .
perfect out in the backyard of our dwelling could you please dig us out an olympic - sized swimming pool ?
undo making those stairs , and instead start building a bridge .
destroy those two trees near the water
create to my own teams .
move to the center of the main room
spawn a storage chest for my materials .
move to the entrance of the house .
fill in the rest of the wall so it 's smooth .
answer this question , where are you right now ?
bot , move these blocks to the top of the pyramid .
resume cooking the roasted pig
dig to hollow out the pyramid then build a door on one side of the pyramid to make a house .
can you begin to spawn some upgraded rifles for my infantrymen ?
spawn five dirt blocks
answer the question , how many marbles are in this jar .
resume feeding the chickens
build a wall that is 9 by 3 and 2 high . then put on a door
please move that bucket .
move toward the door and then open the door and walk outside
lift ( the bot can be told to lift things / objects )
dig an 8 foot moat around the entire perimeter of my house .
move toward the nearest forest
complete the 4x4 structure by adding a door .
fill the bottle with water
move the pyramid to the right .
dig and extract item .
dig a moat around my house .
dig a hole that is 6 blocks in length , 10 blocks in width , and 4 blocks deep .
dig a foundation for the newest structure .
back
build a 10x20 room .
spawn five ducks .
move that bale of hay one space to the left .
move north five steps
spawn more players .
move around the four sided pyramid on your left reporting any object you see hiding on the way
repeat what i am going to say .
fill a cup with water
complete this row of wooden blocks .
destroy all chickens
fill this hole with ice
build a pond in front of the pyramid .
stop automatically picking up items that i come across
move this block two paces to the left .
stop and kill the nearby enemy .
build pyramid
spawn a pick axe near me
build a large brick wall around my home .
dig up all the rocks in the field of corn .
bot pick all my calls
destroy the moat
fill the hole left back up
spawn a pickaxe .
stop the building process in the castle
spawn me a pig .
move forward to the steps and climb to the top level .
please complete my upgraded headquarters .
climb up to the next level of the pyramid .
can you make me a copy of these items ?
pull
dig a moat around the tower
stop the action as soon as possible .
destroy the extra farm you built .
dig straight down .
move and destroy that oppenent
bot , please build me a house of cards .
move over to the building and stop when you get there
build a fence around those flowers .
dig into the mine until you find 10 blocks of diamond ore .
destroy the closest object to you
fill the cups with sand
can you please answer the door bell for me ?
mr robot , answer the phone .
please undo my last command and move the car back .
build a wooden box that is five units tall , five units wide , and five units deep .
complete building of pond then mine ore .
build a tall ice tower
build a bridge to the island .
please fill the moat with water .
copy my answer sheet .
stop after traveling 10 meters .
read ( the bot can be asked to read )
resume climb to top step
if my neighbors say anything to you start building a bunker in the yard by the hole .
build one forge
resume building the walls
walk over to the brown boulder and pick it up .
copy the watchtower and put it next to the other one
fill the nearest hole with pink wool
please fill this area up with water .
demolish all black objects
hit the brick .
build a large glass mansion next to the tall green trees .
move north for 5 minutes
undo the last 10 things that i have made
dig stairway out of hole .
tag this as complete .
stop the mage walking on the path .
destroy the other player in the game
dig a moat around the house .
dig a grave
bot , complete the remainder of this task .
tag all mooshrooms as red cows .
build 10 feet checker patterned wall .
build 5 blue blocks where i 'm looking .
robot build a firewall for my pc .
move the pile of wood to the east side of the cabin .
move all the boulders to make a wall for defense .
dig a trench to the left of the tree .
destroy the planet closest to the sun .
destroy all the objects
tag the flowers over by the dungeon as lilacs
rotate
go check the corner of the room for any items .
build a basic cabin style house out of wood .
bot , climb up to the top of the waterfall .
build a bridge across the gap
build a trapezoidal house that is seven stories tall .
fill the canyon with water .
copy flip table emote into chat .
spawn 100 diamond pickaxes
copy the brick structure
dig up a tunnel to the left
turn around
bot , how many people are standing in the sitting room ?
destroy the house next to the green building
fill the cylinder up with water .
hey bot , please tag my friend jordan in the photo i posted on facebook .
move the trees to the top of the mountain and then copy the mountain on both sides of the map
move 10 blocks ahead .
resume building the wall .
fill the trench with water
go pick a bouquet of flowers
move the hammer to the chest on the left side of the captain .
destroy the grey house next to the lake
read ( the bot can be asked to read a book , article ... )
move the trees to the top of a new mountain
destroy the old build and start a new build
destroy all the caves you can find
copy the gear train combination .
copy
copy the building in front of you to the left of that person
fill in the floor
destroy those trees to make room for a structure .
how many birds are in the flock of pigeons sitting in the middle of the park ?
build a pyramid
bot how do you stop game - play ?
turn to your left and complete the wall . spawn a door in the wall .
bot , complete the following task .
build me a portal to the nether .
bot , will you move the wet laundry to the dryer ?
destroy the rock pile into smaller rocks
move to the nearest forest
please stop construction on the wall and travel east to the forest to collect wood .
what would be the the sum of 29 and 45 ?
spwan new block by the bridge
fill ditch with water
destroy the stone below the dirt .
build a door in the wall .
spawn a second bot with the same capabilities
spawn critters until the hole is filled
spawn diamond 2
dig a hole five units deep by five units wide .
tag the oak sapling as lumber
complete this room with stone .
please answer one question for me , who has the best odds for winning the next election ?
move to the top of the steps
dig a trench next to the wall
dig 5 spaces down .
please resume building the pyramid until it is completed .
zoom in ( the bot can be told to take out the binocular and zoom in on the objects / places in all the directions of his sight )
spawn three pigs here .
tag all the birch trees by the water .
copy my paper in the copy machine .
destroy all targets with a blue center .
bot complete a ladder out of the hole .
please put small amounts of paper in fireplace and burn .
now , stop fighting and tag your teammate .
stop walking toward the water
move into the other room .
stop what you are doing .
complete the dirt trail into the forest .
do you have any task that need to be completed ?
dig in front of the red pyramid on the side facing me .
build two additional block structures .
spawn a lake out on the horizon .
dig a pool for me here
move forward 3 steps
build a small box to keep tools in .
move to the center of the forest .
destroy the building that is made of bricks .
dig a hole beneath the fence on the west side of the prison yard big enough for a person to crawl through
resume patrolling operation when sun sets .
follow ( the bot can be told to follow you )
keep spawning , bot , keep spawning !
build a door for the black house by the tree .
fill the hole straight ahead with water .
build a bridge over the moat that connects the castle to the adjacent hill .
please move to the third three to the left .
resume normal speed
spawn some extra doors to go through .
dig the diamonds out of the ground .
move thirteen steps to your left .
move the red , square bricks next to the boulders .
destroy my building .
destroy memories .
fill the hols with water .
move over to the door .
build a cylinder that has a 3 blocks radius around yourself .
walk over and climb up the hill .
build a wooden fort in this spot .
bot , tag the walls with paint of all doorways so we know what rooms we have entered
bot , spawn 20 enemies in the main building .
dig up the diamonds .
build a fort .
tag the structure to your left as a stable
how many blocks make up that cathedral ?
please copy that structure on the other side of the river .
go dig a hole and stop once you get to the bottom .
please resume exiting the building by walking forward .
move this boxes to the green house .
dig a hole beside the yellow building .
build a road to the highest mountain peak in a range from your current location to 100 square miles .
robot i need you to move my clothes into the closet .
build a tower .
destroy the pillar .
move the smaller rocks into the hole having it level with the ground
resume cleaning up the spill in the kitchen .
resume vacuuming the floor
continue
help me to answer these questions to fill out the form
destroy the two barns that have red roofs .
go dig a hole at the top of the pyramid .
stop removing the rock and fill in holes at all entrances to the cave around the perimeter
fill the hole with wood .
make two diamond pickaxes .
copy the chair 4 times to put around the table
do work restless understand the things as much as you can
spawn a pig
destroy the red house close to the tree on your left .
go straight and continue through 2 doors .   take 5 steps backward and turn right .
you should fill your wagon with food and supplies .
stop building the brick wall .
hey can you spawn 2 shovel so we can dig for exotic items .
build these legos .
destroy hard drive d :
dig until you reach water .
copy the 4 story house on the hill .
build a wooden staircase using the wooden planks that can allow me to climb approximately 20 feet out of the pit
destroy the buildings next to the sandstone pyramids .
bot , spawn a 200 ft tidal wave in an uninhabited desert .
move the ghost army to the location 43:78:90 just west of the riverbank .
destroy the letter written by martha which describes the burglary at the estate .
spawn an ice brick
move on right side where you get incomplete building and fill ups the structure of that building .
move the tree by the lake .
complete my quest by flying my toon to the marked npc . when you get there , stop flying and drop down to talk to the npc
go to the beach and search for treasure .
jump up to the top of the building
build a tower that is 10 wide by 10 deep by 30 high
build a large castle with three turrets
build a 4x4 square block structure .
build a large wood house over there .
build a room .
move the piece forward
lookup ( the bot can be told to lookup )
move diagonally seven blocks .
stop at the door .
stop there .
build another level of blocks onto the top of the structure you are standing on .
could you please destroy the wall to this house .
build a statue four feet to your left .
tag the pyramid with kilroy was here .
move to the top of the structure and stop .
build a shelter 10 units by 10 units .
tag this item as wool .
undo all the color changes to the outside of the house
walk out the open door and pick some flowers outside the door .
i need you to destroy that sand castle .
move a tree to the left of my avatar
bot , destroy the bad guy
spawn a boat
bot , fill the hole you dug with the wooden box
build a ladder to climb out of this hole .
climb up the stairs to the top of the pyramid .
please move the cows
answer - what is on the other side of this wall ?
resume patrolling if the alarm is reset .
copy this paragraph on a new sheet of paper
can you move this over there ?
destroy all animals as you move near them .
move towards the door .
build a bridge to go to the island in front of me
build an oven over the pit so we can cook .
move to opposing force north of your location .
can you stop the music from player .
answer the door if anything activates the alarm .
move in circles like you 're dancing .
move the table outside .
stop digging all the holes
tag the man at the end of the hallway .
sit
move to the far left of the map .
move the flowerpot to the left side of the stairs .
copy the block in front of you
destroy the golden gate bridge .
what are my current coordinates ?
fill the water bowl for my dogs .
move forward three steps .
climb to the highest point .
go around in a circle increasing your radius until you come to a wall .
bot , build a garden
complete this sentence : the cow jumped over the
please undo the digging on that spot .
spawn three pigs
destroy the building
start digging a hole
dig a hole in the ground next to the stairs .
can you make a building that looks like the one i 'm in but made of brick instead of wood ?
fill current location up three blocks with rock . dig the middle in a two block radius . fill new hole with water . spawn fish .
spawn a golden apple .
instead of discipline , think devotion
destroy pyramid structure .
dig me a large square hole for a flower garden .
please dig a hole in the corner
go to the wall in front of you and spawn a chair .
to your right side build some stairs going up .
fill in the mines in that mountain
undo last command .
build more walls
climb the wall that 's behind you .
dig a large hole to make an underground cave
i want you to dig a hole shaped like a circle
spawn a tea kettle on the stove .
dig a four by four by four hole .
destroy the castle by the lake
fill in the hole by the white house .
move from the kitchen to the backyard .
build a 5x5 cobblestone house with a wood plank roof .
copy the house on your left and stop after you are done .
please spawn in a stack of wood blocks for me .
cook ( the bot can be asked to cook )
build a small house made out of at least 4 different materials .
dig up more granite by the water
copy the dinosaur four times
please build other dirt piles like this
dig a canal from point x to point y.
undo the chair you just spawned and spawn a table instead .
make a copy of that door for your inventory .
turn towards the wall on the right
complete the roof of this hut with oak planks .
dig a trench around the house that is 3 feet deep .
make sure i spawn on top of the pyramid each time .
spawn a new bmw
spawn a casket of wine
prepare to run into the house and take cover .
copy this book .
spawn seventeen red cows
bot , resume destroying the cobblestone .
dig a trench to trap chickens in .
build me a fire
destroy the room
bot please dig a hole in the ground here .
fill the dishwashers with the dishwasher in the sink
dig a five foot hole
destroy the nearest structure .
bot , move the wooden box outside
stop only at red lights .
build a fort structure in the middle of the area you just destroyed .
fill the room with diamonds .
do me a favor and answer the wizard 's question .
move outside of this building
can you answer the house phone ?
begin digging a hole to the left of your house .
fill that hole up with water
build the fortress .
move the smelted ore into the chest .
make a copy of the research report .
bot , please spawn a sheep dog .
please close the door .
spawn money
dig a hole through the wall .
tag the building as hospital
forward
destroy the enemy huts .
place the block at the top of the pyriamid
move up 4 steps to stand on top of the structure and look around .
move the red chickens to the front of the gate .
build a fire .
spawn back at the central base .
do a forward roll then jump up in the air and say yeah !
that house has a door on every side .
undo the previous action .
open the door that is located on the wall on the right side of the picture .
bury the tools with dirt
fill the hole with concrete
dig a hole to bury the amulet
duck under the overhang of that wall to your right .
complete the house we are working on .
move forward 30 feet .
finish cooking this piece of meat for me , ideally to a nice medium - rare .
move the horse across the field
bot please move me from this town to the next town south of here .
dig a small hole on the ground .
move a heavy block with a torch .
move the scout three spaces diagonally up and right .
fill the hole with stone blocks
bot dig for gold or other precious natural resource .
build a granite wall around the pyramid .
move backward and stop there
destroy all those yellow boxes where you are stannding .
fill this room with water
lift
move 50 feet and build a large watchtower .
finish building my house
please dig me a 3x3 hole in the ground .
spawn an egg for food .
make a dig to build a new building in th left side .
turn to your right and destroy the rocks until they are all one level .
stop moving the boxes from the ground .
bot saw in rounded place
please destroy all the weed in the garden .
complete the pyramid .
tag box next to castle
move the rock to the other side of the mountain .
take 5 steps forward then 5 steps backward and say hello .
tag the nearest re - spawn point on the map
complete the building next to the farm
dig a second moat around the castle
i need you to break down the door to that tower next to you .
recruit
move the blocks and make a tower
undo the glass windows on the second level
destroy a part of the fence in front of you .
can you spawn yourself into the room behind that door ?
step down and then fill in the space where you were just standing .
a boy   is waiting
bot , spawn a bunch of chairs for me to use .
destroy the old bunker .
fill the house with water and then destroy the house .
walk forward and open the door
i need you to stop doing that .
bot go ahead and dig a pond by the house .
fill a large cup with water
complete making a call to 911
dig a deep trench about five blocks away from all corners of my castle .
spawn a dragon .
build a wood stack 2 layers tall .
stop moving
build a swing in the flower field
build torches with all the coal and wood you have .
fill this room 's floor with carpet .
move the marble rectangle table to the center of dinning room .
please complete these answers
move to the far side of the room .
move to the right until you ca n't anymore .
resume turning left and walk out of the door that is opened .
destroy the building next to the lake .
complete decorating the christmas tree .
please dig a hole
destroy the old building .
stop building
some of properties move any where and any time
remove the door in front of you .
yo helper bot , it would be rad if you built two lamps here to light up this cave .
can you move this house i just built to a new area ?
build three more identical stuctures .
move the destroyed house to the landfill .
left
stop flying in the courtyard so no one suspects you are a bot .
dig all the way down until you hit bedrock .
destroy 2 large trees .
build an outer wall for the base .
complete the construction of the barracks .
build a sand castle by the beach .
stop patrolling when the sun rises .
stop digging
resume reading my book .
stop right after you go into the room on the left .
bot , move the back of the house to dig
can you please move the red building one block to the right ?
move straight forward , past the pyramid structure in front of you .
dig a hole in the ground and fill it with water .
please dig me a hole right here .
please resume play where we left off .
destroy the south wall
dig ditch where blocks were
complete the wall to your left
dig a trench around the castle .
build a 4x4 tower out of stone bricks , 40 blocks high .
where is my house ?
build a cobblestone generator with netherbrick
move in a diagonal pattern
robot i need you to dig me a hole in the backyard .
cut
spawn a swarm of yellow honey bees .
complete the pyramid by finishing the top blocks .
complete the top of the brown steps to create a pyramid
dig a moat
break down the concrete wall .
dig a hole in the wall to be able to move outside the room .
dig holes for the garden .
spawn another brown chest like the one that is already in the room .
answer the riddle written on the stone wall .
can you stop software upgrade   and focus on the customer demands .
dig a hole 10 steps in front of where i am standing .
dig a tunnel to the enemy base .
stop building that school
build more pyramids around the one you are standing on .
resume digging at the north location
use a saw to destroy the old fence .
undo / revert last action
dig until you have collected 40 blocks of dirt .
bot , stop forging the steel sword and spawn a lantern .
dig a garden row
destroy a large circular area in the middle of the forest .
stop walking toward the hill
destroy the targeted brick
destroy the pyramid so there is only flat land left .
stop moving all the cows to the enclosure .
move the tree .
move to the right 2 steps .
fill this bucket with only medium sized fish .
bot destroy the structure .
resume building the stable for the horses .
move and copy what the other team is doing .
spawn new builders so i can create faster .
fill the chest with the diamonds .
build more layers on the structure in sight .
stop digging the ditch
spawn ten cobblestone
hug , the bot could be told to hug another bot
workout ( the bot can be asked to workout )
create 13 structures to your left
answer the old gatekeeper when he asks you whether you can speak .
build a one block structure
fill the hole in front of my house with clay blocks .
build a wall
move my house here
hey can you go tag where you think the doors should be placed ?
copy design of pyramid .
open the door and walk through .
spawn a new building
destroy this row of fences around the house .
build a temporary structure before it gets dark .
build a two story brick house next to the water .
please stop building
destroy liver 's house
build house with blocks
can you dig four trenches and move the dirt to the side of the house ?
pick up the box and place in the other room .
tell me how many people you can see right now .
robot please move the rock to the front door .
step down from the area .
move towards the tallest tower in the center
move to the wooden door on the right .
dig a hole three feet deep next to the tree .
stop mining for rare minerals
resume forward progression
move the red piece in front of the black piece .
you can stop moving the boxes now , that 's enough .
destroy that wall that is to your right .
grab me some wheat from the farm .
fill ditch with wood
spawn a furnace .
dig up some grass
do a somersault in the air
fill the hole with cement .
make a trail of redstone dust from the redstone torch to the music box .
copy the structure i just created
complete the roof of the church
move to the top of the hole and complete it by sealing it by filling it with dirt .
stop the video after six minutes .
destroy the object on the right side of the screen
dig me a basement to the cabin .
hey bot , destroy the pyramid in front of you and then build a tower in its place .
solve the rest of the homework equations .
move these wood blocks over to the clearing and build a cabin .
dig a tunnel behind the big tree .
move towards bot.0040414.63 and spawn a creature to attack it .
bot i need you to build a bank .
lead me outside the door
complete building the house with bricks .
destroy a hole in the wall to make a door .
spawn the chicken egg .
resume last task
hey can you resume building the wall that we left on the other day .
move through the door
chop block .
resume digging beside the hut
mr robot , build me a treehouse .
bot , dig a hole outside
move through the doorway to the other room .
move the building to the right .
dig a very deep hole on the right
spawn 1000 gold bars .
spawn rocks in the shape of a large triangle .
go backward
bank
please stop watering the garden for a minute .
fill the castle moat with water
please complete what you were building
please dig a hold 4 blocks wide by 3 blocks deep to a depth of 10 blocks .
stack the boxes carefully .
robot initiate sprinkler system .
build a space station .
fill void
destroy the structure
tag the tree .
build a floating base in the air that is hard to access .
dig a big hole by the house .
float
fill this well with stone .
complete the creation of the police station .
fill this hole with wood
move that sign to my other house .
build a ladder here .
move underwater .
can you take that apart back to what it was ( undo )
spawn a bucket .
answer the question
resume digging
please make this room double its size .
destroy the stairs on your left .
where would be a good place to start mining ?
stop the game
build a tower here
fill the hole .
could you build a couch and also build a footrest ?
move over to the box on the right .
destroy the wall behind you to get out .
build a paper airplane .
dig a tunnel that goes inside the castle .
do you know the product of 9 and 25 ?
fill the tub with water .
move the trees
revive
destroy the 11 red towers by the castle .
can you dig up coal ore in a chunk please
move forward .
dig a hole for 20 minutes
break the wall
complete the building of the iron fortress all around castle .
spawn a hammer , walk to top of structure and build another level .
dig a moat around the red castle .
fill this pit to the very top with water .
go to that mound to your right .
bot kindly stop scanning the sitting room , go open the door .
undo the wall behind you .
destroy the pyramid structure .
destroy the object on the right side of the screen .
fill the town with trees
undo the highest level of brick blocks
bot please use rocks to build stairs indefinitely upwards as high as you can .
copy this paragraph
robot , take the stack of papers on my desk and take them to the printer and copy each page .
destroy brick pyramid .
stop the attack .
tag all the red bricks as explosives
finish building the walls to to the house .
build a fire by your feet .
reach in the cabinet
please build a way to kitchen .
build a box
move all items out of the building you 're in .
fill the bottle with milk .
build a stone wall around my house , please .
stop digging downwards
destroy the structure nearest to you
move towards the table .
build a shed
tag the car
copy a door
build a replica of the statue of liberty .
build a small hole right here .
spawn a shovel
please take pictures of my children for the church news bulletin .
move forward to that direction .
fill the wells with water
complete the bridge with stone and build a wall on one side of the bridge
copy the stairs on your left .
build a large house with a front and back porch .
fill in the hole with some dirt .
stop whenever you encounter a player with the word ' love ' in their name .
destroy that ant colony .
can you copy this house i built to another location ?
answer what is in front of you .
dig a small hole on the dirt ground .
move to a rock and sit on it .
destroy this build .
stop moving in that direction .
hold
build a rocket .
destroy the stairs .
build a ramp behind you to get out of this pit .
destroy all structures at location ( 45 52 96 )
dig a moat around the fort .
stop what you 're doing and build a structure with 5 block high walls , a flat roof and a two block opening for the door .
destroy all bushes that have flowers on them .
can you undo that ?
complete the pyramid by placing the beacon at the top of it .
dig a trench around the perimeter of that pyramid .
tag 5 chickens as bob
build a pyramid using dirt blocks with a waterbed surrounding the structure .
undo the last spawned item in the room .
pause
move the current tile three spaces to the right .
move to the other side of the wooden box .
build a pillar as tall as yourself inside of it
answer the phone .
move the clothes on the floor into the hamper
spawn a tree .
complete the roof on the house .
please build a pool next to the house
can you command to my soldier to move faster ?
fill the room with water and build a boat
move to the end of the hallway .
dig   a hole in the backyard that is two feet deep
please build a garden
destroy that building
please spawn tomatoes for me to plant .
stop when you reach the wooden crate in the middle of the room .
no result
move all of the timber to the front of the fort and build a drawbrige
destroy all structures built by other players .
dig a tunnel in order to get under the security fence .
climb the stairs .
spawn more medics
build a shelter with two stories and multiple rooms .
stop destroying purple blocks
destroy the hornets nest in the yard .
spawn in that empty field to the right .
can you spawn me next to the building ?
bot please spawn me a large dwelling with 2 stories , furnished fully in our current area , please .
stop building , and resume your planting .
turn off the radio in the kitchen
i do n't like the location , can you move the completed dwelling approximately 25 paces north , 7 west ?
make copies of the flying squirrel 6 times
destroy the balcony that i built for the mansion , get rid of the entire thing .
move the block to the stack of blocks
move the green chicken to the right of the purple cow
fill hole with water toward the south corner .
dig up enough dirt to turn it into bricks
build a pyramid structure made out of brick
copy these files for the director .
spawn a tool and dig next to that building .
please move around the room   and open the door
build a house that is 26 blocks long , 12 blocks wide , and 6 blocks high with 2 doors and 5 windows .
break
destroy the lego castle on the blue table .
computer , move the units to the south of the map .
stop digging the hole
destroy the pyramid you are standing on
destroy all blue buildings at your location
please build a roof to this structure .
fill the building with wood
fill up the rest of the blocks for the structure
dig a large hole in the dirt .
build ladders to get out of hole
dig a moat around the castle
dig a hole in the ground for the foundation .
copy your previous task .
destroy their base , then get back .
bot assistant build me a time machine to take me back to one of the first kiss concerts .
stop the neighbors from stealing my mail .
stop building that wall
spawn next to the pig .
walk through the open double doors in the room next to you .
answer my question
please dig patches for a garden .
can you destroy the structure i just built ?
dig until you can no longer dig further .
scan
pick up that box in the other room
copy this umbrella
build a house with mahogany wood
destroy 64 stone
move the chest through the door .
tag everything that is green .
move around a build a ladder can you do that ?
build a large orange tower next to the small mine
dig a hole , then fill it in .
move to top of pyramid
resume the action
stop walking fourteen paces before the grove of orange trees .
build a sandcastle
bot assistant please fill my car with 40 pounds of chocolate pudding .
watch my back .
resume destruction of east side mine .
complete the building by repeating the selected blocks in rows on top of each other .
answer operator and tell them you need help because you are trapped in a minecraft clone
destroy the northern wall at the base of the hill .
please build a red leather couch near the window on the right .
bot build the pyramid fatter by adding one more layer of block to each layer .
proceed outside through the double doors
make an exact copy of the red brick pyramid right next to the first one .
dig a hole 9 meters deep and 20 meters wide with smaller hole in the middle for lava .
move the flowers into a pile
restart from beginning
destroy the discarded materials .
build four square boxes .
can you dig ?
robot get in the box and compact yourself into the small form you can possible .
bot , stop what you 're doing !
destroy that block
destroy stairs .
fill this whole with lava .
spawn a red rose next to the player in front of me .
spawn a cactus that is taller than my avatar .
dig a well
resume action
spawn an enemy inside my house .
complete the construction of the foundation of the building .
move next to the wall .
complete the pantry shelves for storage .
climb to the top of the structure
destroy the doors in that house
destroy the box towards the left of us .
bot , dig a whole and fill it with water for a pool .
build a barrier between you and the other player .
fill ditch in with water
move to the village near the school
destroy that tree
i do n't think it is a good idea to destroy things .
when you are finished start filling up the hole with your spawn to really creep them out , they will be the guards of your bunker .
destroy the structure you just built .
stop using the new wood to build the fence in the back yard .
move north across the patio .
fill the grassy green landscape with yellow sunflowers .
resume climbing up to the top of the pyramid
build an addition to the home fort .
bot take that mat outside and shred it into small pieces for me .
resume destroying the mines located to the left of you
dig a hole next to the sidewalk of the school
help me to move this ladder into garden immediately .
build 10 stairs .
move the flag to the entrance of the cave to in front of the motel
move to the other player
move the selected object to the next area i select .
tag the box on the table .
answer the quiz questions now .
can you copy these instruction books ?
build a stone bridge over the river to walk across to the castle .
bot , please spawn a giant corpse lily in a large floor pot .
build me a yellow house with a big window near the front door .
bounce up and down 5 times while scratching your head .
spawn 12 salmon inside a house .
go dig trench on the other side of the door .
the person entered into the house and searching for a theif
stop playing with that person .
build a new section of wall here
sleep
build a shelter sized 10 units by 10 units .
go outside and dig a hole three feet by three feet .
build a castle with a tall tower .
can you stop the fire ?
move the chest under the tree into the house .
build a wall with 12 bricks horizontally
stop moving and copy the shovel
you can stop filling that hole now .
dig a large hole to the right of the man .
destroy 10 blocks
please dig a 5x5 hole diagonally down to the bedrock digging down 1 block for every 2 blocks you move forward
destroy a tree .
copy my outfit
destroy the bomb
fill all mines to the right of where you are standing
stop building and start a new build
bot , fill in all the empty spaces with blocks .
stop running .
undo any changes that have been made by other players to this castle in the last 6 hours .
build a bridge near the mountain and then spawn 80 deer
fill these holes with dirt
time to resume and complete filling up the structure
bot , please dig a large hole in the middle of the floor in the room where you are standing .
spawn four trees , numerous tropical and flowering plants in this whole .
build a sprinkler system
spawn topsoil and mulch
destroy the ceiling and build a glass roof in its place .
tag the compass points of the room .
spawn grow lights and move them to the north corner of the room .
spawn atrium furniture , a nice chair and table .
spawn a pot of tea and tea cup .
take a sip
please dig a hole on this spot .
move to the area closest to the forest .
spawn a cape that gives me the ability to fly
find some berries and wheat and fill an empty bucket .
dig a large hole behind the barracks
move next to that mine
destroy the haystack on the floor
pick up the med kit .
please resume recreating zombies and can you place them in a line ?
bot , spawn a goat .
dig a trench from the barn to the road .
destroy the structure that is blocking the view of the landscape .
spawn a shovel and use it to dig a tunnel under the door .
now destroy the force field created by the ban bot and complete the mission .
what time is it now ?
fill my cup with coffee
tag that area of the map .
dig a hole near the tree
can you copy every move i make as i do it ?
move me to that spot .
fill the entire space full of water all the way up to the brown bricks
please move up the stairs .
can you copy all the game ?
tag the door with a sign that says adults keep out .
dig a hole big enough to hide .
fill this hole in .
move towards the water
copy yourself
destroy the closest object near you .
build   a new bunker .
move the white house to china .
dig hole in center of playing area .
please complete filling the pantry with food .
move pig into 3x3 hole
build a boat by the dock
go cause some chaos by digging a hole outside at 3 am , i 'm mad at my neighbors .
dig a hole to the left of where you are sitting .
please stop what you are doing and resume it later . right now i want you to spawn some items for me .
build a ladder so we can get over the wall .
build steps going into this building .
bot spawn a shovel please .
place the blue box on the ground .
move to the far side of the room
build a wall to close this room off .
stop filling the castle moat with water
place the red block on the second landing .
stop destroying that wall and begin to dig a tunnel directly to china .
build foundation
bot , please spawn a swarm of bees in my neighbors yard .
stop working on this task for now
destroy the building blocks in front you .
move to the pyramid .
fill the hole with sand .
fill the bucket with paint
search for food on the woods .
dig down to lower level , approach closest player , stop , complete closest player 's building project .
move to the doors staight ahead .
throw the block through the opening .
can you build two more copies of the same item ?
spawn another character .
move the box from the laundry room to the garage .
move the car out of the garage .
i want you to dig an area about 40x40 and fill it in the lava that you can find underground .
stop floating in the air .
move that chair over to the table .
put your arms above your head .
bot kindly go and resume washing the utensils that remained before the disruption
spawn another copy of yourself .
dig a large hole twice the depth of your height
spawn a door to keep out enemies .
move that box of trash to the garage .
will you move the wooden stool up against the wall ?
stop moving and dig a hole
complete the construction of the white building in the town square .
destroy nearby entrances to the base
bot , can you copy yourself ?
add schools , churches and supermarkets to the city
move these blocks around for me and put them in my storage .
destroy the wall on the north side of the building .
dig a hole behind the pyramid .
spawn four more mines in the south .
dig to the center of the earth
robot fill all my forms on my pc .
revert the fence back to the way it was before you built the new section .
build a wall that is 10 bricks high by 20 bricks long .
dig a large hole to hide precious goods .
destroy the entire city and clean up the rubble for the princess
destroy all zombies
build a barn next to the tree .
make a copy of the green block .
please fill a six by nine space with cobblestone .
spawn a dragon right behind me .
build a pea trellis for the garden .
dig a trench around the entire base .
copy the cows five times .
resume running in a circle
undo my last move .
sit on the floor .
resume pacing the floor as you swing your right arm in a circle like a windmill .
move the pig on top of the tree .
move the box to the next room .
dig a trench
dig the swimming pool hole .
find ( the bot can be told to find things in the game world )
move fourteen horses to the town stables .
destroy the building on the right .
build a door in the doorway .
spawn a new city by adding four new buildings next to the tower
keep moving forward until you hit the end of the map .
move the rainbow castle above the ground 20 feet .
move forward and turn around destroy the building come back and stop there
move those boxes to the right corner
spawn 3 coins .
spawn three sheep within the fence line .
answer the question , what is 2 + 2 - 3
bend
start digging
move the rabbit into the box
undo your last material placing
resume my pattern i 'm making for the floor with these items .
spawn 27 worker bees next to the beehive .
destroy seven blocks of this wall by the lava .
move up and build a block at the top of the pyramid
can you command to my builder to build a new stable in the garden ?
walk to the other player .
build me a brick wall by the garden .
dig a hole in the back .
fill the pot holes with cement
complete the yellow house over here
move to dig site
complete the mission successfully
stand on top of the mountain and scream .
move the garbage bin to the curb
fill the basement with traps that have bats and giant spiders to attack intruders .
copy this other house instead .
spawn ten trees around the perimeter of the house .
climb stairs .
please finish up the meal for me and my family
build a horse ranch
complete farming duties to make food
please draw a blueprint for a potential spaceship that can travel at the speed of light
bot , fill a beach with fresh sand .
spawn a garden .
destroy the old building near the field .
please complete the doghouse i was building for charlie , i have to do something else .
please dig a square hole , 20 by 20 spaces on a side and 30 spaces deep .
destroy the tree and use for wood
dig a moat around the building at least 3 blocks deep .
please fill in the wall over there
tag the nearest npc that is directly between two trees .
complete building the tower
please dig me a pond and fill it with water .
duplicate this fence on the other side of the mine
go tag the door to your right hand side .
move to the kitchen
please stop digging
lay a brick .
fill the enemy barracks with mice
dig out of corridor , undo dig , propel from the undo and destroy closest player on landing .
robot help me build a 4x4 box that you can fit in .
build a pyramid made out of emeralds .
build five chicken coops , please .
dig out the word happiness .
build a 4 by 5 block wall out of stone .
resume walking to the building .
move the blocks right across the hallway
stop the printer from making the continuous beeping sound .
fill the bucket with water .
bot make me a bowl of cereal
i would like you to answer my question .
move the bed to another room .
spawn chicken
destroy all stone until you find an ore of some sort .
undo stone blocks
dig small ditches around the castle and fill with rocks .
make five copies of the pyramid in a line .
knock out the wall
please wave your right hand in the air like you just do n't care .
please complete my 2018 tax returns .
move north a bit and dig there .
move across the room to build a fireplace .
in this area i need you to dig until you find and uncover the yellow box that 's identical to the blue box you already have .
bot stop moving .
stop right before you get to the next room
dig a hole for a tree .
yell at the person on top of the wall .   look up with your flashlight !
move the block to the right corner .
step up
move this box into the next room .
please dig a small hole in the soil in the garden .
dig a hole by that tree and bury this treasure .
resume digging the holes for flowers inside the garden .
could you copy the box on the floor three times around the room ?
complete the house
dog a hole on green part
bot destroy those trees .
move the boat .
build a large rectangular pool outside of the building .
spawn the building 10 times
stop the water from filling the bucket .
spawn 34 spider monkeys in the jungle canopy .
build an empire .
dig a stairs to get out of this hole .
move next to the person in green straight ahead of you .
bot , dig straight down until you reach bedrock .
spawn 89 spheres in the color of red at the back of the water tower near the windmill
tag the rooms with paint so we see which rooms we have been in .
destroy the lego tower
dig down into the field 3 feet and take treasure
bot , spawn a door .
robot spawn flowers .
stop the music on the speakers
move left until you reach the box and destroy it .
spawn twelve rainbows over the house .
build a house near the tree and lake .
dig a hole for the dog to bury the code
build a door on the wall of the house .
spawn pigs in the meadow and dig a pit . then fill the pit with water
build a new building
fill the hole with dirt .
undo the last three steps .
fill the entire space in front of you with random blocks .
dig a giant hole
spawn an ocelot and tame it .
the stairs are easy to build .
resume watering my plants in the garden .
you do not have to stay in that room . you may resume your previous activity .
bot destroy the wall in front of you us the game can be won by all your team mates .
spawn a block of wood .
build home big
copy block
can you help me figure out if it will rain tomorrow or not ?
can you move these things in front of me into the house ?
move to the other room
dig down 20 blocks .
dive(the bot can be told to dive in to something )
spawn skeletons over by the base .
help me dig a tunnel .
stop digging the hole and gather 300 blocks of wood using your axe .
dig a hole next to the open door
dig a well over by the brick building .
destroy these blocks .
dig a tunnel .
dig a hole through the wall you 're facing
build a suit of armor
zoom(the bot can be told to zoom into something )
resume the lights in the kitchen
bot please build me a fortress .
move all the way to the left of the fence .
destroy the house of cards .
post as know how you know the things
dig a ten by ten hole that is 10 blocks deep and move all the materials from excavating into one pile .
can you build three doors into the wall ?
now dig three rows into the bare patch of dirt .
tag all white sheep as small
undo your last action
stop building the structure .
continue building the base and spawn some more workers in order to finish construction .
tag the box and spawn an identical one
move the broom over to the closet .
move the book to inside the house .
fill the waste basket next to the table with the lego blocks .
build a new base here .
please move this box to the room upstair .
dig the potatoes up from the garden
answer how to create a light
please resume digging in your current location .
destroy the motel near the black vampire dog close to the mine
move to the middle of the field
jump ( the bot can be told to take his feet off the ground for a particular moment with the intent of getting back on the ground )
move forward to see what 's in the next room .
please copy my list of data from map 1 to map 2 .
complete the quest a new day .
build a platform for your right .
move outside of the room you are in .
move to the top of the staircase when the staircase has been finished .
move box next to white castle
make sure to stop if you see anyone coming .
move around the edge of the water area .
can you destroy the objects that are on screen ?
destroy the dirt block tower in front of you .
move that pig .
dig a square hole in the ground .
destroy that wall so we can rebuild with brick
can you fill in this gap in the wall using wood and a door ?
go to the window and observe player in the distance .
copy the acacia fence at a 90 degree angle to the east .
the bot is placeing on steps
stop digging the diamonds
copy the eastside wall
start
dig 10 blocks downwards .
spawn a skateboard
bot fill the bank with retrieved natural resource , then repeat the sequence starting with step 2 until bank is full
destroy the poison ivy in the backyard and side yard .
come to me and sit the blue block you have at my feet .
copy the axe that is on the ground in front of you .
move the house 2 blocks north
destroy the building next to the red house
go deep into the cave and search for minerals .
stop digging that hole .
stop walking .
stop moving , resume cleaning .
tag all   supply locations   with a special coding that only i can identify .
build me a treehouse .
with a 16 block diameter and a height of 20 , please construct a spherical structure out of lapis lazuli blocks with a 3x3 door on the west facing side
bot , answer where the nearest enemies are and how many there are .
move to the next square .
spawn a cute anime girl
move the tanks to the garage .
dig until you reach stone .
copy the tag on the pyramid .
can you please answer this question : how do i make diamond armor ?
move forward until you are obstructed
dig four deep holes in front of the purple building
build a bridge over the water from where you are at .
please answer the following questions
stop building the new east wall of the tower
how tall is the tower next to that church ?
dig a three foot deep hole in the sand to your left .
tag the diamond pickaxe .
bot bring my jacket
move over to the left and prepare to watch the other player in the distance before moving .
reply the email sent by dr . john stone by copying from new doc 1 and pasting it
bot please build a house where the trees had been .
dig underneath the bottom of the pyramid
destroy all of the walls on the western tower
stop destroying the wall .
move towards the left corner of the room
dig an escape tunnel through the floor to escape from under the grey brick wall .
destroy the wall that i just built
fill the hole back in , burying the pillar .
bot , dig a tunnel
move to door
spawn some enemies to kill for supplies
complete the search in each room of the temple to find any treasure .
tag all of the trees inside the fenced area with an x.
resume construction on the brick walkway
move the sofa from the corner of the room to the middle
move forward through the doorway up ahead .
tag this location with a unique name
robot , please dig a hole ten squares wide .
go around this building and make a copy of every item inside it or on the walls .
stop gathering rocks and move toward the red building .
move the units to the west
cook ( the bot can be told to cook any dish )
dig a square hold 10 blocks deep and 40 blocks wide .
move up the pyramid and then destroy it .
dig as deep as you can without stopping .
dig a new hole next to the flag pole .
create
smash the wall that is in front of you .
dig 3 spaces down in front of you .
please spawn torches in a grid pattern over a 4 chunk radius around your current location
resume opening the door .
build a house made of bricks
move the grocery bags from the floor to the counter top .
complete the digging process of the pit .
complete building a wall .
help me move this couch over here at the left side .
copy the book on the table over there
answer the other player 's greeting with friendliness .
dig up the garden .
all people want some building stay with household
move the rug from the dining room to the living room .
dig a trench under the wall .
go back inside the building
move the box
go to the door .
build stairs in the hallway to reach the top .
move to the back of the room , please .
shear 64 blocks of gray wool from sheep .
build structure 1 hour north of your current location .
can you move to a sunnier area ?
stop working on the new shed after you 've completed the east wall .
spawn a horse in the hole
stop spawning sheeps .
move to that spot near the rock
build a fort on top of the gravel - filled hole .
fill in the trench with rocks
build a green pyramid that is at least 5 stories tall with blue windows and red doors .
spawn 1,500 diamond pickaxes .
spawn me some lava in a bucket .
build inspirational rituals
move to the right .
dig a hole eight inches wide to a depth of 12 inches .
move supplies inside of the wall .
dig ten dirt blocks
destroy a building
there he is make sure you tag him so he will follow you .
build a smokehouse
fill the area in that space .
hello , can you move the skunk and build it a house ?
dig a hole down to bedrock that 's 4x4 with torches every 5 blocks .
resume your movement towards the rivers edge .
dig straight down until you hit limestone .
build a stable to house the seven horses .
can you tag all the buildings as schools
fill the house with water .
move to the opposite side of the pyramid .
build me a temple , bot !
can you bring my camera and tripod to the top of the building ?
move closer to the wall .
dig straight down until i tell you to stop .
spawn
move the chest to the other end of the house .
tag the door .
move a block to the top of the pyramid .
complete the concrete road after the red house .
spawn a ladder against the west wall .
dig a hole into the ground
move 20 steps forward
get that dustbin and take it to the road side for the collection guys
copy the window .
build a temple
build a wall made of diamonds .
walk over to the field
turn around and destroy the building and stop right there
resume the construction of the brick road
please destroy that door so we can see what is on the other side .
destroy the neighbor 's wind chime .
spawn in the northeast location .
fill the lake with dirt
build a house with a flat roof made of oak wood .
stop moving after 17 seconds
spawn at the top of the nearest mountain .
spawn a forest in front of the hill
what is in the chest next to the house ?
spawn trees around the base to cover its surroundings .
resume building the fireplace on that spot .
move to the door and open it .
destroy every block in a 10 by 10 area .
replace the block 3 up from the floor and three 3 left of the door with a sandstone block .
bot , please dig a tunnel straight through the mountain to the other side .
destroy wall in front of you
build a house and use these steps as the entryway .
destroy the wall quickly .
move the building to the other side .
dig a trench around the base .
go to the door on your left and open it .
built a shelter in this exact location
complete building the pyramid .
tag the boxes with information on the contents .
build a house made of wood .
move across the river on the boat .
complete this structure that i am currently on
destroy the old brick structure .
bot , please move to the opposite side of this room , where there is a pile of children 's blocks .
furnish the museum
dig down 5 blocks
dig a hole in the dirt   that is 4 feet deep 6 feet wide
complete this structure .
stop building the wall .
stop creating rivers over there
dig a moat around the castle .
move left two paces
stop what you 're doing .
destroy the fence in front of the house .
make a copy of my suv but make the color red instead of blue .
the bot should be able to pick objects up and put them down
dig a hole around the player .
dig approximately 100 paces west of my current location
tag this wall as mine so no one else takes it !
complete a building of a rectangle made out of stone .
destroy everything in a 3 blocks radius .
i need you to dig 3 meters by 3 meters into the ground right here .
move to the right , spawn a hammer , and destroy the wall in front of you .
destroy that rock so we can continue to on the mountain - side pathway .
build me a toy .
where is this item located ? ( answer )
bot , destroy the house of cards you built .
spawn a tank .
build a brothel for the noblemen of this fair town .
resume climbing the pyramid .
tell me how far along you are on digging up the rock from the mine ?
crouch down and hide .
destroy the walls and rebuild the room
destroy the enemy .
dig under new spawned box to make more room
stop working on that house .
do n't destroy that wood , we will need it for later .
move items from path .
put the bag in the hole by the tree .
spawn shovel
spawn vegetables in the grass behind the house .
build a 4 by 4 window on the east wall .
dig in this area until you find emeralds .
destroy the monster at night
build a fence around the hole .
destroy the brown door and fill it with stone .
move to the blue table with the lego castle on it .
turn left , stop , walk forward through door , stop , look around , tag wall on left .
stop the task you are working on .
destroy all buildings in the area .
build a blue twin tower next to the purple tower
how many or our buildings have been destroyed ?
if anyone tries to steal from my loot   turn it into lava and revert them to their initial spawn point !
dig up the silver blocks underneath the trees .
move quickly towards the red sheep
fill the room with random objects .
resume moving towards the enemy
build a well .
spawn home .
take out the trash .
dig a 3x3 area in the ground in front of you .
stop dig
climb wall to find   food and water .
stop the movement of the gigantic army approaching the skeleton warriors .
walk to the end of the   hallway
build a table .
bot , move to the frame that leads outside .
dig up drain field in back yard .
would you stop the current playlist and copy another one from my soundcloud
resume mating the cows to make babies .
clean off the table
fill the holes around the house
spawn your pickaxe .
how much coal is in the large chest ?
first attack was sould be my side only
spawn behind the character under the cut out wall and destroy the wall above the character .
build staircase
spawn a deer trophy on wall
fill in a 1x1 column within the nearest hole .
find me some water .
spawn thousands of demon imps to kill all those who loot my base !
build wall four blocks high by four wide .
start digging directly beneath you until you can not anymore .
undo this wall i built and give me the resources .
fill my mug with coffee .
we need to stop building the structure now .
fill 45 mines where you are standing
bot , destroy the wall and then spawn a creeper .
destroy the bridge .
go outside and dig up a flower .
undo the last block .
copy the red pyramid structure and place it right next to it on the right
turn left
build a set of stairs .
move to the backyard and fill up the pool with water .
dig a moat .
collect three iron ore blocks from the cave in front of you .
destroy the wall to the right of you .
build bed for respawn point .
go dig in the dirt around those flowers .
walk over to the door and open the door .
find animals for food .
lead me to the nearest water source .
spawn bomb in the center of the earth
build a house for your family .
spawn a creeper next to the tree
stop what you 're doing please !
stop in front of it
move to the top of the red pyramid .
collect item .
build a small lake next to this structure
destroy the door on the right
move behind the other player .
can you please dig a hole for the casket ?
climb the pyramid .
destroy the wooden gate at the entrance to the city .
move to the far right corner of the room .
try to create something every day
complete the mission .
move trash outside .
ask the man in front of you about how his day is going .
easy to destroy something but prepare or growth something very deficult
destroy the south wall .
move the box to the right .
move randomly until you collide with an object
move toward the player in sight
tag that bot as x
destroy the shack on the hillside .
spawn some water please .
flight , the bot could be told to flight around in circles
dig the dirt to complete
please clean out fireplace .
bot , will fill the dish washer ?
chop down four trees to the right of us .
open the door .
destroy enemy tower then build own tower where enemy tower was .
go to the top of the blocks over there .
fill the hole in front of you
the robo have the hologram feature with suit
build a cannon .
build me a throne with gold blocks
build 4 walls around the player to create a bunker .
tag all open doors .
spawn a rabbit
build me a new missle launch pad please .
bot , please build me a bed .
move forward to a wall .
dig a hole 3x3x3 .
answer all the questions to the book .
complete the second floor of the house .
build an exact copy of the wood shed once the first is complete .
fill the room you are in with water like a swimming pool
dig around your base and try to find diamond blocks .
spawn in 5 pigs .
spawn 10 pigs inside the hole , then dig a slope up for them to get out
could you undo my last change ?
please build a deck out back attached to the house .
build more of the foundation that you are standing on , so that you have more room to walk around .
spawn a pig in the hole .
dig near northwest towers .
stop building the tower .
move to the eastern - most point on the map .
spawn a new house
resume walking toward the house .
sing today 's number 1 rated country song .
dig a hole three feet deep
build a fortified base
tag the right tree as an apple tree .
complete building the deck in the backyard .
what do you think is under this pyramid ?
what are you doing ?
stop digging a moat .
build a bedroom
resume moving around
spawn beside the wall .
dig all the herbs nearby and collect them to bring back to me so i can make potions to use in the game .
dig four large holes around each tree .
spawn a cat at the top of the pyramid
let 's destroy that whole pyrmid
complete the window installation in the church main hall .
dig a trap
just listen to your boss that we are ready to do a task
destroy the pyramid structure so we can clear the land .
build a fort
build a house with dimensions 10x15 blocks .
destroy the brown door
move the baby in the basket to the old woman sitting under the oak tree .
build a dock
destroy that tree by the beach .
spawn flowers for the next 20 spaces .
tag all of the sunflowers that are fully grown .
please move the table .
run
go straight and destroy the building and build a new building with a swimming pool .
build wood walls along the edges of the stone blocks
destroy that low bearing wall to make the room bigger .
spawn a deck of cards .
move the boxes from the loading platform into the warehouse .
build a fence across the edge of the bridge .
complete the base of the pyramid with titanium blocks .
schedule me an appointment for tuesday .
resume building the last one i told you to build .
dig straight down until you see water .
dig down on the spot you 're standing on .
stop what you 're doing , that 's not right at all .
dig deeper into the ground .
put the basket back on the table .
destroy the hut near the big tree
fill the water bottle .
destroy all trees blocking the building front entrance .
resume farming for wheat .
circle around the construction .
build something for the blonde figure !
help me to fill this water tank full for our consumption .
build a wall directly in front of us that is just as tall as we are .
build a fence around the center base .
i need you to fill this hole with water .
please dig holes for my spring flower bulbs in my backyard garden .
fill up this hole i dug with water using the bucket .
dig up the tunnel .
stop walking towards the mountain
build doors where player is standing
move all of our equipment into the building before nightfall .
complete a transfer process .
move that block structure over next to the trees .
spawn 17 creepers
go ahead and spawn the three headed zebra of doom .
copy the rock figure .
move past the hole in the fence .
spawn diamonds for me , please .
move the rock next to the right side of the building .
revert the update to the house .
undo the last block and build with rock
destroy these documents for me please .
fill bucket with dirt .
destroy the nearest player
dig a hole 3x6 feet and 6 feet deep .
undo the last block you made on the most recent house
resume walking north
build a door where the hole in the wall is .
very interested
fill a pressure plate with lava .
build a chair .
do mind to build a cat house for our cat ?
please spawn a cat
build mountain with a cave for shelter
dig a 4x4x4 hole near the cow and pig farm .
can you destroy the wall ?
move forward ten spaces
destroy the file .
move to the brown door .
fill the building with water .
