juggle the different kinds of fruit in the vicinity .
paint the kitchen walls white .
do mechanical turk for me on the computer !
hand me that axe .
go over to that tree .
help me with this puzzle .
find the location of the next treasure box .
tell me how i look in my gear .
stand guard at the gate .
mark this spot on my map as a reminder .
play hype music .
find more of these roses .
drive straight towards the town center for one mile .
turn left towards the dairy queen on the corner .
drive straight tell you reach the destination on the left .
can you chop down that tree for me ?
can you go find a sheep for me and shear it ?
i need you to find a cow and bring it back to me .
set an alarm for tomorrow at 2 p.m.
preheat the oven to 350 degrees
turn the thermostat down by three degrees
make the baby a bottle .
clean my kitchen .
drive my daughter to school .
light the fire quickly
drain the swamp by pulling the plug
play the guitar using the stick as a pick
please locate the nearest building
aid me in constructing this fence
move this tree to the left of the green house
where is the closest pizza place ?
go get me 3 pieces of cheese and some bread
what is the weather forecast for tomorrow ?
look for hidden mines underground using your x - ray vision .
help me move the downed trees to clear the roadway
i need you to count all the people on the other side of the fence .
go find a healing potion for me
remember that there was a monster behind the green tree
shield me when my health gets low
what is thime capital of michigan
go get my green ball
what is the weather tomorrow
is there anyone else living nearby ?
find out how deep the stream is and if we can cross it by foot .
stay awake and keep me protected while i sleep .
remember where i hid the purple diamonds .
use the magic feather to change that horse to a unicorn .
make the sounds of a wolf howling for 10 seconds .
can you tell me the weather ?
what direction are we heading ?
retrieve the shovel from the garage .
can you retrieve the sword from the knight ?
go to the blue house and bring me back a cloak .
exchange these coins for pelts .
go to the shop and buy some blue elixir .
collect four scallops from the shore .
remember the password to get into the rainbow castle .
lead the horses to the forest
get some water from the river
bring me three stones from the field
take me to the market
change the weather to heavy rain
add item arrows to my inventory
go get my dogs leash
what shape is the container to your left
what position is the sun ?
sweep and mop the floors .
write me a rp scenario
read me the book fifty shades of grey .
help me construct this castle .
pick up my friend from the spaceport .
search for undiscovered locations .
go scout the area for anything of interest .
pick some of this stuff up and follow me .
deliver this basket of goodies through the woods to grandma 's house .
go around and find other players and ask them to donate me money
go find another player who is trying to accomplish a task and offer to help in exchange for money
sweep this area grid by grid looking for any money anyone may have dropped
bring me some water
where is the nearest tree ?
plant a new garden
go get me a glass of chocolate milk
help me fill the swimming pool with bouncy balls
change the color of my car to purple
carry some of my inventory .
tell me if there is danger in this area
note my location .
give all of the other players a bouquet of roses
make me some pancakes
build a tower using ice cubes
turn all the snow outside my house into gold dust .
build me a drone big enough to fly me to florida .
turn the inside of my house into a palace .
please come to the blue square .
can you add some trees in back of this building .
remove the structures at 52 18 30
what kind of dragon is in the cave ?
who is the highest ranking player in the game ?
search for a potion that costs no more than $ 1 that will improve my health .
i want all of the containers to be made of shiny metal .
only count the cars that are small , two door and green .
does that bridge extend over a body of water ?
please build a square , wooden building with a door .
dig a hole here .
what were the coordinates of my building ?
put some water to boil
wash the vegetables please
call the movie theater and ask what time do they close
give me the type of the tree across the bridge
i need the location of the nearest pond
where is the nearest overlook
pick up the third rock from the left
go to the tallest tree and climb it
find the patch of yellow flowers
buy two iron bars from trader
harvest grain from field
how many servants do i have ?
book me a flight to miami
remember i like latte cofee
order two pizzas for me
catch me an animal companion
start building an enclosure for my animals
gather more resources for my house
move the car closer to the freeway
jump over the hedges
rock the baby to sleep
hey robot , help me lay the foundation for our house ! let 's get some of those magic stones ; that way our house can fly !
yo robot , what kind of eggs should we have for breakfast today , red , green or purple ?
bot boy , let 's go swimming in some lava ! do n't forget your protective gear , now .
get the hoe out of the shed
get the mail from the mailbox
pain the house
help me camouflage the buildings
excavate the mine near the huge house
help me create a copy of the new structure
kill all those men
farm some skinny wool
farm exp with rayvenia
collect a bucket of water from the well .
show me how to get to the nearest store .
help me carry these apples to the city square .
grab my car keys and start my car with the heater on full blast .
change the bed sheets from the blue ones to the red silk sheets .
use the rake to clear up all the leaves that have fallen in the back yard and put them in the mulch machine .
can you please move to the top right corner .
remove all of the large trees .
change the color all of the red houses to light blue .
run the bath water on a medium warm temperature
readjust the drapes so the sun does n't reflect off of the television
follow me as soon as i make it off the exit
bot can you go pick up my to go order at waffle house ?
come into the bathroom and scrub my back for me please .
give me a high five after you get done with the inventory .
build me a shed from sheet metal .
go wash the dishes .
change the flat tire on my car .
can you plant some trees ?
what kind of flowers are those ?
are there any animals in the area ?
set my phone alarm for evey day of the week to 9 a.m.
create a to do list for tomorrow in my notebook .   make sure all my return phone calls at the top of the list .
start a load of darks in the washing machine .
how much does that sword cost ?
where is the main entrance of the temple ?
what weapon can i use to kill zombies ?
find me a sandwich shop that is open .
who are the ninjas working for ?
determine if the brown horse or the black horse is faster .
please bring me wood and help build a new roof for this house .
destroy all the red towers next to the mine .
bring a shovel to location 29 16 32 and dig a tunnel .
pick up that iron ore and bring it to the furnace .
go climb on top of the roof and wait there .
go into that forest , find some wood , and bring it back to me .
go to the tree and chop it down .
go down to rahool and grab a bright engram .
get the bounties from drifter so we can reach max rank .
fetch some water for me .
go get someone from the town to help .
change fence to an 8 foot fence .
turn over the wood pile and take out the stone from under it
leave the jar in the box and take the next jar and put next to the first jar
take the token and place it in position four
help me take out the trash .
what color are the drapes in the living room ?
can you help retrieve the groceries from the trunk .
please get me a beer out of the refrigerator .
start a fire in the fireplace .
go to the grocery store and buy some blue berries .
can you find the closest water source ?
can you dig a hole in the ground 3 feet deep and 6 feet in diameter ?
the door to that building is locked , can you break it open ?
please get some water from a natural hot spring .
what is the most common breed of cow around here ?
please make a note of what i 'm wearing right now .
plant 10 trees .
remember this location .
add a second story to the building .
drive the car to the grocery store
cook eggs and bacon for breakfast
go to the bathroom and flush the toilet
turn off my tv .
pull up the weather .
send email to david .
go feed the farm animals that have no or low on food .
search for hidden coins on the beach
throw me high enough to get the healing potion hidden in the tops of the trees .
i need you to show me how to get out of this forest .
where is the river ?
tell me how to get to a healer shop
find my weapons and bring them to me .
pick some apples for my basket .
go to the next village and find some gold .
go get my a telescope
which way to the kingdom
can you start a fire
change all the green leaf trees to a pink and black checkered pattern .
make the roads out of town all the color blue .
pick up the school house and move it to the lake shore .
dig a moot around my castle
capture a unicorn and bring it back to me
drive me to the gingerbread house
what flowers are in this are ?
are there any mobs nearby ?
can you get me a health drink ?
remind me to cut down some trees after i explore .
how much longer until sundown ?
clear the land from bushes within 25 feet of here .
can you get me my blanket from my pack .
can you start a fire with that wood .
start cooking dinner over the fire .
can you grab the clothing out of the room ?
how far away is the barn from the house ?
how many cows are outside in the field ?
give be the best tool to chop down the tree
tell me where i can cook the juiciest chicken so the character does n't die
how in the world can i build a ladder to get into the back upstairs window of the house
can you please build a 3 stories castle ?
please check if there are other villagers in the area .
find a safe spot for me .
fetch me some water from the well .
what food do i have to cook with ?
turn off the light in the upstairs bedroom .
i would like some marble for the kitchen countertops
show me all available foods to serve
add roses to my garden
what was the color of car near the tree ?
help me to find out the answer for my question
change the room color to blue
show me a cheesecake recipe .
find me tickets to aerosmith .
set a calendar appointment for my sisters birthday party .
place reinforcements on any region with fewer than 5 units .
shift units so that all frontline regions have at least 75 % strength of neighboring enemy regions .
upgrade any unit more than two upgrades out of date .
what is the geometric shape of every object in the house ?
count the amount of ants in my backyard .
give me access to x - ray vision .
enter the code 4607 on the locker to open it
push the bed and open the floor
move the cube 11 steps to the right
conduct a spell to help me catch fish .
pick fruit from the trees .
what is the best route to the nearest city ?
build a fence around my property .
remember there were three rocks in the pile on the hill .
upgrade my hammer to silver .
go find me some water
round up some horses so we can ride away
go to the general store and buy some gunpowder
can you make the roof of the house circular somehow ?
go pick up some grass so i can feed the cow .
do me a favor and finish planting the grass seed .
look for some enchanted armor for me .
see if there are any enemies along the river .
store my extra loot in your inventory .
is there a different tool that i can use to fly ?
can i build a house here ?
work on getting me more tokens please .
make some elderberry wine .
go find a mallorn tree and climb to its highest branch .
build a tower inside the extinct volcano .
can you give me that hammer
build a bridge over the water
put some water on that fire
unscrew the fire hydrant
call for help
help me bring this brick over
go harvest all the cacti in a 100 unit radius from here .
can you turn on the electricity to the main railway grid , please ?
i need another trash can for this room .
help me harvest these crops
build a fire here
where did i drop my shovel ?
remember how many troops i have at this outpost .
tell me how to increase wood production .
we need more crops at my main outpost .
jump the log .
cross the river and then turn right .
turn left at the train tracks .
move to the house with the red roof
empty the yellow containers with the red beans
start a fire in the middle of the field
what field are the mushrooms in ?
you go find some candles while i go fishing
can you find my horse ?
be on the look out for invaders
carry my items for me
can you move this bolder ?
can you please go fill those four buckets with water from the nearby well ?
please prepare my horse for battle .
remove the chimney from this cottage .
help lift me up .
climb up there and get the prize .
dip a hole .
can you help me cut down these trees ?
where is the house located ?
can you gather some food from the field ?
make me a composite sketch of the davinci mona lisa , munch 's the scream and botticelli 's venus .
combine three different nuts to make an original butter .
grab the 10 most shocking paint colors from the shelf .
tell me how many zombies are around this corner .
which of my weapons will do the most damage to the boss on this level ?
carry all of my expendable treasures back to the store and sell them for me , then bring the gold back here .
fill a glass with water from the faucet and bring it to me .
turn on the television and tune it to channel four .
take the laundry out of the dryer and place it on my bed .
hey , will you brew me up a strong health potion that can mend my wounds ?
would you check if my armor is compatible enough with this enchantment so that i can augment my equipment ?
please locate and pinpoint the closest iron ore vein .
how do i drop my iron ore ?
where is the nearest crossroads ?
can you take me to the tallest tree .
put a door on my house
forge steel for me
create a path from my house to the mine
can you help me move this couch to the other side of the room ?
remind me to call my sister at 4:00 p.m. today .
i need you to take the trash out for me please .
please note that we need more marble to finish the interior of the throne room .
would you please lower the drawbridge so i can enter the fortress ?
remind me to bring a torch when i go into the mines .
change house from brick to diamond .
make house 8 stories high .
put chickens on roof of my firehouse .
create a barn under the cave
make four soldiers
destroy the five buildings under the tree
go gather wood for me to build a house
what color is the bridge that connects the island ?
fill up the ditches with me
find the hidden purse .
what letters form this five letter word .
where is the next mine .
go disarm the traps on those doors .
scratch my back , just between my shoulder blades .
go tell jokes to that dragon so i can steal its gold while it is n't looking .
where is the player [ in - game name ] located ?
how do i use a fishing rod ?
what is the crafting recipe for a regeneration 2 potion ?
can you change the color of the house to red
help me navigate the best route
can you help me move the bricks
remember the movie starts at 8 p.m. tomorrow .
check to see what time my flight is to london .
remind me to feed the chickens .
fetch me the old shovel from behind the barn .
if a hooded man asks about my whereabouts , say you have n't seen me for several days .
travel ahead of me and report back if there is any lodging ahead .
go open the chest in the corner
tell me the 5 most valuable items in the chest
take the 2 most valuable items and sell them at the blacksmith
stand directly in front of the soldier who is trying to get in the front gate
put another layer of stones on top of the stone wall that surrounds the castle
plant walnut trees on both sides of the road that leads to my house
can you help me climb up this wall ?
how far away is the next supply store ?
bring me a bucket of water , please .
plant some red roses in the garden .
build a guest house identical to my house for my friend .
tell me a recipe for chili .
scoop all of the red balls out of the mine
stack 44 pieces of wood by the small building
switch out each large block for a small orange block
go shear that sheep
bring all the wool
make me a blanket
help me harvest these herbs
what is the most expensive ore
carry these extra items for me to free up inventory
paint the windowsills on the front porch .
pull the long green weeds from the garden .
remind me to buy milk and bread tomorrow .
what other materials do i need to craft red fabric dye ?
can you grind these stardust herbs and combine them with the bone dust ?
go to the beach and collect three blue shells for me
can you upgrade that axe for me ?
set a waypoint back to base .
find the nearest water source .
show me all of the different hair styles i can wear .
hit the dog with the stick .
break the glass on the window .
can you please get ready my children to school as soon as possible ?
can you drive a car and drop me to the shopping mall ?
can you get the coconuts get down the tree for making dinner ?
if you know me , what is our secret word ?
get me some gas , please
i am going to meet a friend at starbucks on main street
please find a nice location by the lake .
can you sew me a new outfit ?
please plant trees around the house
where are my cats ?
have you seen the golden bowl ?
what happened to the glowing orbs in the sky ?
make an inventory of all my weapons and spells .
guide me to the secret entrance to the tunnel .
help me figure out which weapon shop is closest .
who is the smartest person on earth ?
find and play halestorm 's newest single .
give me the current weather conditions for new york .
find me a way out .
go to the start .
remember the code 7h34y
can you tell humans how to stop global warming ?
are you and all of your robot friends going to take all our jobs ?
would you go to work for me but give me the money for the work you have done ?
can you see any enemies nearby ?
how i do craft a computer ?
where can i find more gold ?
fetch my carriage so that i can go to the ball
what is the population of the town on hill 12 ?
help me build a lean - to so we wo n't get wet in the rain
what items are in the house up ahead ?
gather 100 pebbles for me .
fill this bucket from the fountain next to the house .
put a transparent block behind the table
place a torch under the sand block
stack signs on top of each other
draw a map of the playing field .
which move do you suggest we try next ?
change my hair color to ice blue .
bring me some fruits
help me build a house
find me a weapon
use your scouter to find the closest silver deposit !
scan the current area and report back how many open bounties are available .
mark the location of the submarine on the traveler 's map .
get me some water with ice please
look at my agenda and tell me my schedule for today
how deep is the atlantic ocean ?
can you drive me to the nearest atm ?
could you go grab my tool box ?
what time does the event start ?
take the next right and then jump .
what animal is next to the tree .
pet the animal softly .
build a green pyramid .
please dig straight down .
collect the sand from under the lake .
what kind of business is on the corner of the next street over
grab the milk out of the fridge for me
build a desert landscape outside of the house in the yard
go collect more coins for me .
watch out for the enemies .
can you please help me complete the mission
change the door color from brown to red
bring bricks to the northeast mine
where is the coal ?
can you go get the tent ?
start a fire
take the garbage to the can at the end of the walkway .
help me rebuild my house .
help me plant some corn .
lets build a car to travel to the next farming town .
tell me what is the color of a butterfly .
what is the weight of a person in space ?
clean up the mess caused by the tornado .
can you help me move this wood to the area 40 34 34
help me build a house with this wood .
cut down the tree at spot 40 35 23 .
roll the dice and move the marker ahead on the game board .
choose a card from the deck , read it , and flip it over .
give the dice to the player to your right .
check the moisture of the lawn soil
boil the water for 4 minutes
turn off the lights
how many cars are in front of the large house on the corner ?
help me find other participants for the bowling game
change the bed in this room to be king size , with a 4 poster canopy frame .
gather timber
harvest water from the lake
bring back meat for the hunting party
remove the gate that blocks the bridge .
which chest holds the key to the front door ?
go to the shop next door and get a fishing pole .
get me the watch which is in the table
can you tell me today date
keep all the chocolates in a fridge
check on the miners
how much coal do we have ?
make a new mine next to the water tower
make all the roof houses purple .
please change   the barn to a shop .
make the yard rocks and gravel instead of grass .
make three houses in the middle of the farm land behind the barn .
copy the path in the garden and place it in between each of the houses .
add flower beds at coordinates 72 63 26
get my mail out of the mail box .
go make me some tea in the kitchen .
go buy me a carton of milk from the store .
pick up wood
move to the tree
advance to the mines
please get me a pail of water .
take the cat over to the bed .
leave the screwdriver on the table .
build me a school .
harvest berries from that nearby bush .
expand the town hall .
please fish and cook some shrimp for me
check out where the enemy troops are hiding
mine coal and make steel for my armor
gather herbs at the nearest nodes
move to the southern most tower
train 2 horses
do my dishes !
are you sass mouthin ' me ? say that again !
try to get siri to call alexa a bio*tch .
change the flowers beneath the group of trees to red
add seven sheep to the pasture located at cooredinates 72 21 35
delete all of the large grey rocks
please bring me the magic book .
where is the nearest hardware store ?
help me chop this firewood .
can you come build a shed around me ?
go ahead and find me the best route to town .
come , dance with me !
throw a grenade at the tanker
launch a missle into the hillside
fire your weapon at the oncoming soldier
spin both the dice and tell me the dice numbers now .
count the total amount of money i have now .
show and read me a card from the yellow card stack now .
where is the nearest lake or river with drinkable water ?
build me a tent .
can you sing me a song to calm my nerves ?
fetch me some new weapons
build a new kitchen inside the house
place a new brick wall in the front of the car
go and make a glass of orange juice
call linda in two minutes
change the roof paint to red
fill up my quiver with a new set of arrows
can you go into the cave and tell me if there is anything dangerous inside ?
tell me which tower of the castle the princess was last seen inside of
go inside the house closest to the mine and open the chest inside
i want you to add a window on the north side of this house
i need more wood , can you get me some ?
look out for other players nearby .
help me gather up some blocks .
change that door color to white .
help me find the treasure map .
lead me to the king 's castle .
tell me where the princess is being held captive .
i want to make this building wider
start mining for those rare minerals
what is that structure to the right of the river ?
check the bushes over there for rabbits .
will you help me search this house ?
track this deer with me .
pick up the blue block .
remember that there is only one ladder .
bring me the cylinder column .
we need to find building materials .
are there any ponds or lakes nearby ? we need food .
can you change the color of the house exterior to blue ?
go gather me some water .
get me some bricks to build .
who is hiding behind the red building ?
i need you to get me 3 wooden blocks next to the barrel
i want you to climb on the roof of the house and grab some supplies and bring them back to me
i want you to mix the 3 ingredients in the pot on the fire
go get me a glass of water .
paint the walls of this house .
cook dinner for me .
buy me a long sword from the blacksmith .
see if there are any guilds that i can join .
build a barrier around my house .
please build a fire near the house
move the wood to the shed
what is the location of the giant house
can you please help me explore this castle ?
make a fire - camp with the wood from the trees
go get food to cook
can you go mine some steel for our forge ?
use the carpenter station to build fences around our base .
once we have enough hide , use it to make leather armor .
find some good music to listen to
what are the rules of the game ?
help me get to the finish line
help me find the hidden safe in the wall with the money .
point out the best spot to plant some sunflowers .
find some palm leaves to make a tent .
go pick the red flowers .
climb up the hill .
open the door to the right .
get coal from the storage box .
build a furnace .
retrieve some wool from the sheep .
open the front door .
go find some cows .
make another room .
dig me a pond and fill it with water .
the walls are gray .
build another pyramid like this one .
help me to climb up the pyramid .
open the double doors for me .
help me to figure out what to do on this level .
dig a trench around the house
hoe up three rows of grass to make a garden plot .
place torches around the cave
build me a bridge over the water
dig up all the grass
build a fence around the lava
find out what is behind the brown wooden door .
climb to the top of the brick pyramid .
place some furniture in this space .
how many windows does that house have ?
put this stone into the hole over here
that house has 50 stones in it
open the door that is to your left and behind you .
add another stone wall six feet long at coordinates 47 52 53
create a door in the middle of the wall to your right .
help me find the main road .
build me a swimming pool .
high five that ogre !
hey , can you grab me some rocks .
i need some seeds , will you get them for me ?
i 'm lost , how do i get back to my hut ?
go on top of the box and dance la macarena .
plant a garden of tomatoes , cucumbers , strawberries , and blueberries .
get a sledgehammer and make a big hole in the wall .
tame five donkeys for me .
build an l - shaped office near the hill .
create a pool beside the house .
change out the door for a window .
ask that person to help build a house .
plant a tree .
check and see if i put the car in the garage .
see what time my dinner reservations are .
go make sure i flushed the commode .
go get the soap
fill the sink with water
wash the dishes
please open the brown wooden door .
climb to the top of the stairs and describe what you see .
found out what is in the blue box .
go to the brown door and check to see if it opens .
stand on the top of the red pyramid so you can check our surroundings
are you able to jump out of this cave ?
give me a stack of wood .
create a stone pickaxe for me .
get me some materials for diamond armor .
can you get me the vacuum ?
climb the stairs and fetch me some tissues .
what shade of colors is the sky right now ?
plow the field to grow corn .
dig a deep hole to create a water well .
light the torch and enter the cave .
close the nearest door !
turn the lights in the room .
start a fire in the backyard grill .
find the nearest doorway
go get me a cow
could you climb the pyramid ?
go outside and pick some flowers for me .
hop up the steps to the top of the building .
can you see a way to get out of this room ?
go harvest some green grass tiles .
go around that corner and stop moving if something is there .
bring 10 stone up to the top of the pyramid .
open the door and walk into the next room .
build a wall around this structure with collected stone .
craft a table and place it near the long wall .
find me the nearest person .
where is the nearest body of water ?
jump as high as possible .
teach me how to start a fire to stay warm .
help me build a mansion .
what is the color of each flower in the field ?
can you go cut me up some grass ?
go ahead and repaint the entire house .
can you please gather some flowers for me ?
walk into the room
climb up the hill
go talk to the other person
dig three holes for me
bring me 10 blue bricks
plant a tree next to the house
dig a 10 square meter hole right here
go find as many rocks as you can until i say stop
build a boat from this wood that looks like a viking ship
go look out the window
walk to the top of the steps and turn 180 degrees
find a flower to pick
add a porch to the back of the house .
plant trees to shade the house
change the wall colors to blue .
build a door in that area
build a second pyramid structure to the right of the first one
create a window on the south wall right there
go through that wooden door to your right .
climb up to the top of that pyramid .
hide in the little area beneath the stone overhang of that building .
go rake all the leaves in the backyard .
paint the fence red on the inside and black on the outside .
help me change all the light bulbs that are burned out .
go look in that box
keep building up on the ledge
what is under those stairs
build a pyramid like the second picture and make it ten times as big .
create a lavish mansion on a hill for me to live in
start mining until you have 500 stone
chop down that tree
mine the diamond
cook the beef
put a bed on the block
milk a cow with a glass bottle
build a computer
go gather gold
attack the enemy base
set up the city armory
climb those brick stairs .
build a bed in the grey room .
open the door and go outside .
build me a pyramid of iron slabs .
what is the name of the monster standing by the tree ?
how do i get back to the fort from here ?
help me furnish this room
there needs to be more flowers in that field
put a door on that wall
exit the building
find some material
build up a pyramid structure
go get the vacuum out of the hall closet and vacuum the floor in the living room .
go into the garage and get the paint and brush that are there . then go outside and paint the fence .
take out a frozen lasagna from the freezer . then remove it from its package , put it in the microwave and cook it for 10 minutes .
harvest and replant the seeds in the garden
empty the small chest and move its contents into the large chest
make the house the same color as the trees
tear down this pyramid and make me a bigger one .
please search this room for tools .
that 's a dark hallway , shine a light down it .
explore to the north , and tell me what you find .
dig down until the quality of stone changes
build a square pyramid with base sides of 20 blocks
gather bricks to build a shelter
scale up the wall to see if there is anything on the other side
where can i find herbs ?
climb up the brick pyramid .
let 's make some furniture for the house .
make some more windows for the house .
make a pen for some cows .
build a large pyramid
make 20 iron pickaxes
fill hole with water .
collect stone blocks .
store items in chest .
help me find some gold
build me a new tree to get wood from
find me a ffirend to mine with today
please collect a stack of sand blocks .
please mine me some diamonds .
what type of trees are nearby ?
how many villagers are in this village ?
go count the amount of steel i have in storage
go make me 50 torches
say " hello " to every new player character you see .
mine downward until diamond ore is found .
add two windows to every room of this building .
lead me to the nearest source of water .
which way was my main base ?
help me carry these stones .
take out sword .
put on helmet .
climb tower .
harvest the carrot garden and replant
smelt all the ore into ingots for me
make sure the area around the house has enough lighting to see at night
create a cobblestone generator
mine diamonds
what are my coordinates ?
place a bed in the house closest to us
fill the pit with water
build a wall around the castle
help me build a long wall .
help me dig down the the core .
go mine some diamonds for me .
go gather wood .
go gather stone .
build a storage area .
i need more pick axes do you know where i can find them ?
climb to the highest point you can reach .
tell me how to combine different minerals together .
create a palace to keep my purple unicorns in
make one tower green and the other tower turquoise .
go look and see how deep that forest goes
dye this wool green .
dig out a mineshaft that goes to bedrock .
i need a lot of gravel .
go to the town and use my money to buy healing potion .
talk to the character in the woods for more information .
collect all the coins on the ground .
what is outside those windows ?
will you please go pick those flowers ?
there is a secret passage in the corner .
go gather some diamond for armor
build a small house
build a fireplace
put a window in the room next to the door .
help me put this fire out with water from the river .
can you bring me apples from those trees over there ?
get some building materials for a new house .
build a second story for our house .
dig a moat near that wall .
open the door and place the block inside .
pick a red flower and place it on top of the pyramid .
place the blue block in the left corn of the room .
replace the front right tire of my car .
find me a water source .
gather materials to build a house .
put the cows in the left pen .
make a walkway from the house to the shed .
place a dock on the river side .
place 1 torch behind me every 10 blocks while i mine in a straight line .
farm wood from trees and restock into chest frequently while i build this house .
replace all wooden doors with steel doors .
go through the doorway and turn right
ascend the pyramid and then turn 90 degrees to the left
step into the light
help me paint these walls a nice blue color .
i need help harvesting those pumpkins .
start digging the outline of the pool we 're going to put in .
pick up all the blue blocks .
add blocks to the right side of the house .
come with me outside the house .
open the brown door .
let 's cut down all the flowers .
put a throne in the castle .
stand on top of this hill .
make me an ax .
fill the pool with water .
go cut down the tree outside the front door .
go to the roof and jump off of it .
pick the berries from the bush outside and give them to me .
help me build a door here .
help me construct stairs here
dig a hole here
open the door
take grass to the top level of the pyramid .
stack blocks so we can climb out of this hole .
please expand the current fireplace to be twice as big .
please make three wooden chairs and two metal chairs for the dining room .
go collect rocks outside and place them in the yard for later use .
please place a window to the left of the green door
build a pyramid in the field that is surrounded by a fence
create three new mines next to the large tree
put me in stealth mode
give me a guided tour of this building
display my energy mode and announce it
find me a place to build a house near a body of water .
place more windows in the biggest room of the house .
go get me some raw materials so i can sell them to buy tools .
please cook all 64 raw porkchops in the furnace using charcoal .
please mine the the area in a straight line two blocks to my left until you hit lava , diamonds , or redstone .
tame these wolves with this stack of bones .
go into the next room
build another layer of this tower
look to the left
lets dig further down .
we need to find an axe .
replace this tree with a tower .
find me a new home .
go locate a new place for me to live .
take the box to a new residence for myself .
help me change this wooden door to a metal one .
let 's build a second floor to this house .
where should we place our chimney ?
can you gather as many stones as you can ?
stack these bricks over by the windmill
take these flowers to the red house and put them next to the window
stack up all of the chopped wood in a pile
build a wall to divide the largest room in the house
remember to make sure the door is closed after sunset
build a fence around the house
plant two trees in the backyard
paint the brick road yellow
dig me a hole .
find me some loot .
hand me the sword .
chop down that tree
hand me that apple
tame that horse
start digging a space for a garden
where is the nearest cave ?
find a horse
close our house 's door before the monsters get in .
clear out the top two layers of the blocks so that we can redesign it slightly .
where is the nearest exit out of this large labyrinth ?
go dance with the person in the green shirt
run circles around the chimney
climb up the wall
open that box and retrieve whatever is inside of it .
start a fire and begin cooking dinner .
move those boulders off the path .
put a fence up around the building .
cut down the trees that are lining the field .
collect herbs for some healing potion .
jump on top of the brown block inside the house .
dig up some of the grass near the pyramid .
make a new window in the stone wall .
feed all of the cats in order from smallest to largest
there are glowing rocks around the corner
where should i sleep ?
chop the tree to gather some wood .
dig a hole in the ground .
place the wood in the hole to start a fire .
watch out for that tree
do you have any weapons
come to my location
turn to the right , walk down to the brown door , and then proceed to open it .
climb to the top of the pyramid .
throw the egg at the other character .
turn to your left and walk out the door on the right .
climb to the top of the structure and report on the view you can see from there .
drop the blue box in your hand and walk forward until you are out of the building .
collect some bricks
the grass is green
how many stairs are there ?
open the brown door and tell me what you see .
climb to the top of the hill of bricks and look for enemies .
pick me up and float to the top so we can escape this cave .
help me mine some stone
help me forge a weapon
chop down the tree next to this house
walk to the field and gather some fruit for lunch
get a hammer and help me build a fence around the tree
take a lap around the house to see if any repairs need to be made
plant a garden of flowers 3 blocks by 3 blocks
collect fruit off the trees
find other people to help fill the mines with me
go open that wooden door for me
help me build a base in this mine
help me build a statue on top of these blocks
change the color of this house to red
remove this building
how many structures are there from here to the nearest water ?
help me calculate how much wood i 'll need to build this shed .
demolish the guest house in the backyard .
help me dig a hole in the ground here so we can build a pool .
please dig a new mine three paces in front of the large pyramid .
help me fill in 3 mines behind the small building .
construct a new pyramid using red and blue blocks .
open that black door to the right
is there anything on top of the pyramid ?
build a roof to cover up the opening overhead
build a mineshaft and find diamonds
build a 40 block long and wide house
find coal and wood to makes torches
go gather me stones
help me build this foundation
go tell me what 's over that hill
build me a fireplace in the empty room with the tone walls .
dig me a hole as wide and as deep as the tower .
help me gather some lumber .
put a table in the middle of this room
find another layer of blocks to add to the top of the pyramid
can we make a roof over the empty space here ?
close the door that leads to the outside
tell me how many blocks high the pyramid is
climb the wall and tell me how many buildings you see
turn the computer on .
feed the dog .
help me water this garden .
place the chest in the house
go harvest a lot of coal for me
go build a library
i 'm going to need some bricks
please fetch me some paint
how many stair steps are needed ?
create a new window for the house .
put a roof on the house .
create some torches for some light .
go through the wide doors to your right .
how many exits are there in this room ?
how far away are we from the nearest tree ?
walk down the hallway .
climb up to the top of the pyramid and look around .
help me finish building this wall .
open the door on the right .
add a window to the left wall of the kitchen .
put the logs into the fireplace .
go harvest some animal fur .
go get some stone and build a castle with it .
circle the entire map until you find a good batch of wood , then bring it all back to light a fire .
build an underwater house
build me a private jet
build a secret underwater kingdom
please open and shut the door
please dig a trench around the brick object
please go get a ladder so we can climb over the wall
what is behind this door ?
build me a house out of these bricks .
do you know the way out of here ?
` house target game
ground fight game
compound jumping
show me how to get out of here .
find closest resources
gather materials
patch the hole in the roof .
wash the dishes in the sink .
pick some flowers from the garden .
build a bridge over a river
create an underground chest room in a house
make a giant tree made of tres
how many bushes are by the house ?
bring me coal to the north of the mine .
build three houses in the southeast corner .
build me another layer of brick on top of the house .
create another window in the house .
how many flowers are around the perimeter of the house ?
dig a mine and look for coal .
chop down this row of trees and use the wood to make planks .
build a platform at the top of this large tree .
can you go up to the house with a blue roof and knock on the door to see if anyone is home ?
can you go grab me some branches so i can start a fire ?
i need you to set up my tent near that fallen tree
chop down some trees so i can get some wood
i need some diamonds , can you fetch some ?
what is that creature in the valley ?
find me something to eat
decorate the house
find me some water
remember the password to the treasure room
identify the safest place in the castle
bake me a 16 layer chocolate cake
build a fort from wood i gathered from those trees .
help me mine for gold in this cave .
put the materials gathered exploring in the chest .
use a ladder to climb up the wall .
dig a large hole to create a pond .
count how many flowers are in the field .
go through the doorway
dig a large hole
build a bridge between two towers
create a pyramid shaped structure with gold blocks .
place 5 red trees near the pyramid in a circle .
create a large white cat statue to the right of the pyramid .
replace this oak door with an acacia door .
add one more layer to this pyramid and expand the other layers to fit .
dig a staircase out of his hole .
go into the next room and stand in front of the open door
go to the top of the pyramid and jump up and down two times .
walk back and forth next to the back wall .
open the box .
climb five steps up the pyramid and then jump off .
draw a mustache on the picture of the boy with the red head .
go and get me stones
fill up this just of water
find the friend that is closest to me
help me herd some sheep .
when will it be night time ?
build a foundation for the house .
help me to get a points in this game
get me a tennis to play
get me a chair to set the new game
go kill the zombie
help me build a mountain
build me a door
help me explore this cave .
help me build a wall here .
i need a sugarcane farm made here .
go and bring that yellow dish for me .
i will like you to mop the toilet .
help me wet the flowers .
move the wooden block , on your right , through the open doors outside .
catch the red brick , being thrown by bot.004041463 .
help bot.004041463 create steps , on the opposite wall , in order to exit the hole .
is there anyone hiding around the corner of that building ?
make sure all the doors are locked every night when i go to bed .
make me a cup of coffee .
collect cobblestone for me .
stop the water flow .
fill in the lava pool with dirt .
collect some sand from the beach
close the door to the pig fence
harvest the wheat from the farm
do you seen anything that i need on my mining list nearby ?
do you see an entrance to that house anywhere ?
i need you to get some wood and then put it over by the fireplace there .
search the houses around mine .
dig a deep hole in the ground .
unlock the doors
build a set of stairs for the 3rd floor
find the nearest supply of dirt for a garden
plant some flowers outside so we can harvest them later .
help carry the wood
walk to the towers nearby
carry the bricks to the mines
hand me a hammer
color the front wall black
tear this wall down
go open the door for me
change the color of these walls to red
put steps in front of this ledge so i can climb on top of it
go grab me some meat .
go build that boat over on the lake
where can i get supplies for the door .
show the way to the door
help me climb the stairs
find a way out
open the door on your right .
find the shovel over there .
stay inside the perimeter , please .
go get some diamonds
where are the apple trees at ?
where can i sleep that is safe ?
please mow the lawn in the front yard
i would like you to create a sculpture of a lion
please prevent any robbers from entering my house , i will be back shortly
walk through the door to see what is outside .
climb to the top of the pyramid .
put the blue box on the rock wall .
fight the dragon with the stick
find the castle on top of the hill
fetch be a bucket of hay
change the color of the roof to blue
collect the rocks next to that tree
build a small shed next to the house
go get some bricks and mortar
build a wall and a stairs in the side
make a hol to hide myself
bring me a book of matches , some lighter fluid and a box of tissues .
what kind of tree should we plant here ?
let 's go fishing !
build a waste disposal area
burn down some trees
fill a bucket with lava
replace the brick building with wood .
build a building with wood
make a window in this building
count the bricks above the door
help me plant a tree
help me find the nearest exit
place torches on top of the fences
empty this bucket into the pond
find me some sand
locate the launch pad from inside the house
fly out the window and across the minefield in your stealth rocket and survey the landscape
paint the house red , yellow and green to blend with the minefield
open that chest and take what 's inside .
craft a blanket from the wool you collected .
climb to the top of the mountain and strike a victory pose .
fetch me some diamond ore
construct a furnace here
upgrade the house with steel walls
please open this can of tomatoe soup
please set the air conditioning to 65 degrees .
what is the address to this house ?
put the large wood box in front of the brown wood door .
go to the nearest green tree and climb to the top .
squat down and move into the far corner .
open this door .
go to the top of the stairs .
let 's build a desk .
dig deeper into the mine
build a bed in my house
make a crafting table next to my bed
go and pick the flowers on top of that mountain and bring them back to me .
fix the roof of my house for me please .
help me fix the floor of this house .
are there any animals nearby ?
open the treasure chest at the foot of the bed
help me harvest the wheat in this field
go collect some sand
build me an axe
find some diamonds
put a small window in the wall you are facing .
mine the stone from the structure you are standing on .
fill in that hollow cavity with stone .
go fetch me some food , especially some ice cream
place two new trees in the front of the house
make two high speed cars and move them to the office building .
hit the wall with that hammer .
go up those stairs
go back that door and bring me my coat hanged there
approximately how many steps are there to get to the top of the structure ?
what color is my character 's shirt ?
help me build this staircase .
help me collect this wood
can you place a torch here
where should we go next
why is it so dark ?
where is the door ?
is there any food ?
dig me several long tunnels .
destroy the red tower in the distance .
how many houses are there in the village ?
climb up to the top of the red pyramid .
walk outside the front door of the house .
open up the door that is closed on the side of the room .
stand right next to me
dig a hole next to the building
build a door on the side of the building
help me build a wall .
put up a door on the wall .
add a roof to the building .
go and open the door to my right .
paint the walls lavender .
get a flag and climb the stairs .
got to the door to your right and open it .
climb to the top of the pyramid and tell me what you see .
go out the doors to your left and walk straight until you see a house .
where can i find water to drink ?
pick up all the rocks outside the house .
the building on the hill is pink .
sing me a song with only vowels
where is the well with the syrup
kill the monster beside the brook
please cover the hole next to the purple building
construct a tower on top of the pyramid
move towards the window in the large house
show me how to open the door
show me how to walk to the stairs
teach me how to climb the wall
let 's go to get supplies .
how many stairs will we climb ?
turn that block over to the colored side .
what color is the man ?
are there any monsters nearby
is that a bird or a plane ?
walk out of the open door in the other room on the right
this pyramid is 5 platforms tall
build stairs out of this pit
go investigate the orange dots in the grass
do a back flip
climb to the top of the pyramid tell me what you see
build a staircase
bring me a spoon
plant a rosebush
build a small house for me .
craft arrows until you run out of wood .
gather some carrots for me .
go inspect that structure and tell me its color
go over to that column area and spin 360 degrees .
find out how far the building is from your current location
check to see if there are any trees over the hill
find a large , strong branch that i can use as a walking stick
let me know when our food storage starts getting low
deconstruct the purple pyramid
help me build a new room
destroy and rebuild the purple pyramid
i need you to stack the three blue boxes on top of each other .
take that 6 foot tree and move it once to the left .
take that far wall and double it in width .
proceed straight towards the mountain
walk towards the door then turn left
what color is the building in front of you ?
what is behind this door ?
let 's climbs these stairs .
let 's run in a circle .
build a new house
walk to the nearest house
assist the other player in building
locate the real world location of the singularity
build a pc and use it to mine crypto currency for me
figure out the answer to the meaning of life in the game
look to see if anyone is in the hallway
climb to the top of the mound for a better view
see if you can find a key nearby
what 's that object up ahead ?
help be construct a fort around this river
jump on top of this building
change the color of this floor to black .
build me a fence around the house .
what time does it get dark ?
move that tree closer to the house .
climb up onto the roof of the building .
how many flowers are planted in the garden ?
go let my dog out .
please find some eggs that so i can cook .
light the fire in the chimney .
cultivate a field of yellow daisies in grove to the south .
chop down that tree into three distinct sections
built a pyramid out of those mud bricks , but be sure to make it hollow with door and a skylight .
place down both of those iron doors in the door gap where the other player is standing .
please climb to the top of the pyramid structure .
how many layers down in the mine are we ?
turn left to walk through the double doors
do a handstand at the top of the stairs for 2 minutes
stand on one leg on top of the brown brick wall
find me a new way to make wood
find me animals close by
find me a body of water to go to .
break that window and jump through it .
climb onto the top of this hill .
go outside , find some food , and bring it back to me .
bring me three small red bricks
can you go to the lighthouse and switch this painting with the one on the wall there ?
help me craft as many arrows as we can
find a window in this building .
plant a tree next to the tower of blocks .
find the door to the outside .
how far away is that tall building in the distance ?
try to find a source of water .
walk a random number of steps in any direction .
walk through the room to the door . try opening the door
walk up the steps
turn around
what is on the other side of the hills
how big is the field we are in
are there any buildings in the area
dig a hole and fill it up with lava .
make a cobblestone generator .
create a nether portal using the design that uses less obsidian .
could you open the door to the right for me ?
direct me to some flowers , please .
i need you to help me dig a hole down to the bedrock .
walk through the door to the left into the next room
help me build a wall for protection
pick up your pace and jump over that short road block
help me get some wood to do some building .
lend me a hand to grab some bricks .
guide me to the land with bricks .
cut down the mightiest tree in the forest with a herring .
answer me these questions three , ere the other side ye see .
build a large , wooden badger .
help me build a castle
find me the closest object that is green
move this object two spaces to the left
dig a hole where i can bury the treasure .
smash the boulders until we have gravel for the path .
tell me the color of the evening sky .
paint that house brown .
send help to mine .
clean up trees by the house .
dig some dirt .
go feed the cows .
jump up and down .
go climb that tree outside
is that a stone pyramid ?
go get me some bacon !
can you dig straight down until you hit lava ?
go collect wood and put it in the chest .
go find water and bring some back in this bucket .
i wonder what is behind this door ?
oh , this building looks like a small pyramid .
i am hiding , or maybe just taking a break!.
help me build a door .
help me build this pyramid .
help me dig this mine .
please build a wall at the edge of the grass
collect some rocks and wood for me
will you light the campfire ?
move the cart to the hay bales .
bring the water pitcher to the table .
sweep the walkway in front of the house .
follow me to the lake over there .
can you mine out the iron right here please ?
put the chickens back into their fenced area .
climb pyramid .
build stairs .
jump .
where is the nearest water supply ?
deploy my parachute after i jump from the plane .
is there a bridge over that water ?
i need some purple flowers
where in town is the blacksmith ?
how can i cross the river ?
walk toward the open door .
pick a yellow flower from the field .
punch a gray block .
build a new wall .
change the brown material to gray material .
plant new flowers in the planter .
scout the west of the map
the shelter is made of bricks
gather minerals with me
come , build a house around me .
help me set up a portal .
bring me four different kinds of wood , please .
walk to your right and open the door
climb to the top of the pyramid
create a staircase with stone
please help me build a tower
let us build another building here
help me construct a table here
create a new forest in this area
how much gold does the enemy have ?
create 50 knights on horseback
walk to the open door .
walk up the steps .
there are five steps here .
build a house for shelter
create some shovels
how far away are the nearest trees ?
place torches near the pathway .
put a painting by the wall .
fence in the cows .
build me a wall over there .
what material is that in front of me ?
pick that mineral up .
build a safe zone for us
make a farm
plant some veggies
spawn spiders five times
dig a hole threes by six by eight deep
walk over to the square structure
what is behind the door ?
pick a bouquet of flowers .
what do you see when you climb up the blocks ?
help me move this box .
what material are these stairs made out of ?
what color is this wall ?
help me find my shovel .
how can i get to the backyard .
help me fill up this container .
knock on the door
run up and down the hill
look up
climb to the top of the pyramid .
help me build a new wall between these two rooms .
what is behind and slightly to the left of the pyramid ?
where is my shirt ?
what is the time ?
when was the last earthquake in my city ?
please , tell me what the true meaning of life is .
please , tell me a joke that will be guaranteed to make me laugh and improve my mood .
please , cook me something that 's extremely nutritious with perfectly balanced macros that will also perfectly suit my current mood and cravings .
build a fence
dye some wool pink
make a railway
find the nearest source of gold
harvest twelve trees
scout nearby for enemies
please help move the logs across the map
build rocks in the distance
move to the green area
please complete the roof on top of the building by the tree .
create a one room stone building to where i stand .
put a wooden door on the north side of the building .
how far is the river from the house ?
move the house behind the trees .
make the side walk look like stone .
where is the nearest exit ?
walk towards the doorway .
exit through the door on the left .
help me build a garage
please help me dig a hole in the yard
cut down the tree over there
is there anyone else around ?
please check near the pyramid for loot .
how many rooms are in this building ?
go find food for me .
keep a lookout for mobs .
build a wall 300 wide , 2 deep , 12 high .
help me find a map so i can figure out where we are .
i need to get a ladder to climb over this wall .
where is the nearest river ?
exit the building through the right - hand door .
bring me 3 red mushrooms from that patch .
place a torch on the stone block above your head .
fetch some water for me from the dispenser please
can you go to the market and get some beef , 1 kg
it is dark in here , kindly switch on the rights .
what is beyond that doorway ?
where is the mcdonald 's ?
did you build that sweet pyramid ?
help me put the clothes in washing machine .
what is the height of this room ?
go and bring my smartphone for me .
go through the wooden door and stop
walk all the way around the pyramid on the 2nd level from the top .
stand in the corner on the left and face the corner
open the chest of gold .
build me a phone .
run up the mountain side .
chop down that tree over there .
open up the door in front of me .
help me build this roof .
wait here at this threshold while i go ahead .
let 's go talk to the person sitting on the pyramid .
we should turn around and get out of here .
create a door
destroy the closest green block
place a red brick block directly in front of you
help me locate a door
open the window in the room
help me paint the wall white